carry	V	2-1	You must carry your camping gear .	Sound carries well over water .
go	V	2-6	Messages must go through diplomatic channels .	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?
break	V	0-2	Break an alibi .	The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .
cup	N	8-4	He wore a jock strap with a metal cup .	Bees filled the waxen cups with honey .
academy	N	1-2	The Academy of Music .	The French Academy .
set	V	0-1	Set the table .	To set glass in a sash .
starch	V	0-1	Starch clothes .	She starched her blouses .
take	V	2-3	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?	A reading was taken of the earth 's tremors .
avoid	V	3-1	I try to avoid the company of gamblers .	We avoided the ball .
clearance	N	2-3	He got clearance to travel to America , even though he had previous links to terrorists .	The plane got clearance from air traffic control , and we were off .
come	V	0-1	Come out of the closet !	He came singing down the road .
coverage	N	13-3	Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .	The dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent .
death	N	1-3	Her death came as a terrible shock .	He had two deaths on his conscience .
despite	N	1-5	The despite in which outsiders were held is legendary .	She wanted neither favor nor despite .
school	N	1-5	A school of small glittering fish swam by .	The divers encountered a huge school of mackerel .
go	V	2-1	We should go farther in this matter .	She went through a lot of trouble .
action	N	11-2	The United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues .	Recent federal action undermined the segregationist position .
fall	V	0-2	Fall by the wayside .	The cities fell to the enemy .
work	V	4-0	This dough does not work easily .	Work the phones .
shock	N	5-8	The armies met in the shock of battle .	The train hit the buffers with a great shock .
play	V	4-0	This speech did n't play well with the American public .	Play football .
make	V	3-0	What do you make of his remarks ?	Make a dress .
end	N	8-1	The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end .	The end was exciting .
break	N	3-4	There was a break in the action when a player was hurt .	He was up two breaks in the second set .
life	N	13-1	It was a heavy play and the actors tried in vain to give life to it .	The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .
person	N	6-1	There was too much for one person to do .	Each person is unique , both mentally and physically .
answer	V	0-1	Answer the door .	She answered the door .
do	V	3-5	All you ever do is surf the Internet .	A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school .
play	V	0-0	Play fair .	Play football .
see	V	4-3	What message do you see in this letter ?	We had to see a psychiatrist .
buff	N	4-3	To strip to the buff .	Swimming in the buff .
boy	N	3-4	She made the boy brush his teeth every night .	Most soldiers are only boys in uniform .
picture	N	3-2	She was the picture of despair .	The very picture of a modern general .
answer	V	5-2	She did n't want to answer .	This may answer her needs .
head	N	5-3	Tickets are $ 5 per head .	He is two heads taller than his little sister .
break	V	0-10	Break into tears .	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .
die	V	1-1	To die to pleasure or to sin .	She died from cancer .
peak	N	5-1	The stock market reached a peak in September 1929 .	Voltage peak .
civilization	N	7-2	A hermit does n't much care for civilization .	Early Mayan civilization .
carry	V	2-1	These bonds carry warrants .	She carries her ideas to the extreme .
shot	N	3-6	He wanted a shot at the champion .	I caught him with a solid shot to the chin .
body	N	1-8	The body of the car was badly rusted .	Penny was in the scullery , pressing the body of her new dress .
cut	V	0-0	Cut a ticket .	Cut orders .
recognition	N	9-2	She seems to avoid much in the way of recognition or acknowledgement of feminist work prior to her own .	Give her recognition for trying .
shift	V	3-1	You have to shift when you go down a steep hill .	He shifted in his seat .
cube	N	2-2	A stock cube .	A sugar cube .
follow	V	2-1	Let 's follow our great helmsman !	He followed his lecture with a question and answer period .
apply	V	1-0	I apply this rule to get good results .	Apply a magnetic field here .
fall	V	0-1	Fall asleep .	She fell ill .
make	V	3-0	She may not make the grade .	Make a stir .
head	N	2-6	Under the head of minor Roman poets .	They tracked him back toward the head of the stream .
head	N	6-1	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .
give	V	0-2	Give a divorce .	The wall gave in .
drive	V	1-0	To drive sheep out of a field .	Drive the cows into the barn .
fall	V	0-1	Fall by the wayside .	To fall a tree .
gob	N	5-5	He ′s always stuffing his gob with fast food .	She 's got such a gob on her – she′s always gossiping about someone or other .
scale	N	1-1	The scale of the map .	The scale of the model .
stand	V	3-3	We had to stand for the entire performance !	On the pedestal stood a statue .
make	V	3-1	She may not make the grade .	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
furniture	N	9-6	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .	There was only one piece of furniture in the room .
give	V	0-2	Give a yelp .	This student gives promise of real creativity .
cut	V	0-0	Cut a movie scene .	Cut a Ping-Pong ball .
extension	N	6-7	Most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS .	A text file will have a file extension of .txt .
seat	N	5-4	He was elected to a seat in the Senate .	He dusted off the seat before sitting down .
make	V	0-3	Make enemies .	What do you make of his remarks ?
make	V	2-0	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	Make the bed .
take	V	2-11	Do you take me for a fool ?	Looking at him as he came into the room , I took him for his father .
tea	N	0-1	Tea has fragrant white flowers .	Iced tea is a cooling drink .
take	V	0-5	Take sick .	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .
way	N	4-7	Do you know the way to the airport ?	He said he was looking for the way out .
head	N	1-1	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .	200 head of cattle .
lift	V	0-1	Lift the box onto the table .	I lifted the books .
space	N	5-1	The astronauts walked in outer space without a tether .	The space between his teeth .
score	N	3-1	What was your score on your homework ?	The score was 7 to 0 .
work	V	4-5	How does your idea work in practice ?	The voting process does n't work as well as people thought .
double	N	5-7	He could be Gingrich 's double .	Saddam Hussein was rumored to have many doubles .
space	N	1-3	The space between his teeth .	The architect left space in front of the building .
fix	V	0-2	Fix breakfast for the guests , please .	That 'll fix him good !
head	N	4-1	Matters came to a head yesterday .	The head of the column advanced boldly .
show	V	8-1	He bet $ 2 on number six to show .	I showed the customer the glove section .
take	V	1-3	I take it you 're not going ?	He was often taken to be a man of means .
cut	V	4-0	The employer wants to cut back health benefits .	Cut trenches .
cot	N	2-1	A roller cot ( the clothing of a drawing roller in a spinning frame ) .	A cot for a sore finger .
run	V	8-3	These dyes and colors are guaranteed not to run .	The sale will run for ten days .
see	V	2-3	Now I see !	I want to see whether she speaks French .
drive	V	0-3	Drive the cows into the barn .	Their debts finally drove them to sell the business .
bit	N	1-7	A bit of lint .	The horse was not accustomed to a bit .
stir	V	0-0	Stir the soil .	Stir emotions .
trombone	N	1-3	This trombone is very expensive .	Jim plays the trombone very well .
fall	V	1-1	To fall a tree .	Night fell .
trace	V	0-0	Trace your path .	Trace the outline of a figure in the sand .
take	V	0-3	Take a pulse .	A reading was taken of the earth 's tremors .
carry	V	2-1	I will carry the secret to my grave .	I carry a lot of life insurance .
body	N	8-1	Penny was in the scullery , pressing the body of her new dress .	Heavenly body .
hold	V	1-0	I hold with those who say life is sacred .	Hold all calls to the President 's office while he is in a meeting .
build	V	0-0	Build a reputation .	Build detergents .
smooth	V	0-0	Smooth the way towards peace negotiations .	Smooth the surface of the wood .
carry	V	1-2	We carry a very large mortgage .	The troops carried the town after a brief fight .
war	N	1-2	The war against crime .	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .
reply	V	1-1	Please reply to my letter .	He replied that he was not sure .
house	N	4-9	The children were playing house .	She felt she had to get out of the house .
position	N	1-9	What position does he play ?	Stop running all over the field and play your position !
play	V	0-2	Play sports .	Who 's playing now ?
circus	N	1-8	The circus will be in town next week .	He ran away from home to join the circus .
break	V	0-2	Break a law .	Her voice broke to a whisper when she started to talk about her children .
woodenness	N	4-3	There was a certain woodenness in his replies .	He criticized the woodenness of the acting .
wreck	N	8-4	Thanks to that quack I am a human wreck .	The house was a wreck when they bought it .
catch	V	0-2	Catch the mood .	Do n't catch your meaning .
blip	N	7-5	Renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales .	The market had one bad blip today .
vegetate	V	2-3	The fields vegetate vigorously .	The bacterial growth vegetated along .
drag	N	4-3	Peeling potatoes is a drag .	He took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly .
score	N	11-2	He tried to blame the victim but his success on that score was doubtful .	Settling a score .
head	N	3-6	She gave great head .	They tracked him back toward the head of the stream .
volume	N	4-7	Please turn down the volume on the stereo .	The kids played their music at full volume .
top	N	3-5	He removed the top of the carton .	He could n't get the top off of the bottle .
stand	V	3-1	We had to stand for the entire performance !	There stood on the corner a statue .
breath	N	4-6	He took a deep breath and dived into the pool .	I could feel the runner 's breath on my shoulder .
take	V	0-0	Take steps .	Take action .
stuff	N	4-5	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?	You do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine .
raise	V	0-0	Raise a mutiny .	Raise the roof .
fire	N	4-4	We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .	Barbecue over an open fire .
start	V	0-1	Start a new job .	I start my day with a good breakfast .
run	V	3-2	The sale will run for ten days .	The meeting ran late .
do	V	0-5	Do nothing .	A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school .
absence	N	5-0	He was surprised by the absence of any explanation .	Absence makes the heart grow fonder .
cut	V	0-0	Cut a check .	Cut the rope .
ream	V	0-2	Ream oranges .	The dentist reamed out the debris in the course of the root canal treatment .
run	V	2-0	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .	Run rogue .
run	V	2-4	I will run the sample .	Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice .
keep	V	2-3	May God keep you .	The student was kept after school .
work	V	0-2	Work one 's way through the crowd .	She never worked because she inherited a lot of money .
draw	V	0-0	Draw water for a bath .	Draw parallels .
make	V	1-1	Clothes make the man .	He made to speak but said nothing in the end .
admit	V	10-1	We 'll have to vote on whether or not to admit a new member .	He admitted his guilt .
take	V	3-1	You ca n't take credit for this !	We took an apartment on a quiet street .
make	V	0-2	Make a mess in one 's office .	She 'll make a fine president .
stake	V	2-0	I will stake my good reputation for this .	Stake your goat .
make	V	3-6	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	You have to spend money to make money !
order	N	6-8	The machine is now in working order .	A friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there .
work	V	5-4	The voting process does n't work as well as people thought .	This method does n't work .
stuff	N	3-1	There 's good stuff in that book .	The stuff of heros .
interception	N	4-4	He resorted to the interception of his daughter 's letters .	He claimed that the interception of one missile by another would be impossible .
raise	V	0-0	Raise a smile .	Raise your ` o ' .
place	N	5-4	If you were in my place what would you do ?	He has a special place in my thoughts .
take	V	0-2	Take steps .	Shall we take a guide in Rome ?
head	N	5-1	They say he gives good head .	The head of the list .
drug	V	4-1	You look like someone drug you behind a horse for half a mile .	They drugged the kidnapped tourist .
place	N	3-7	He overstepped his place .	He put the lamp back in its place .
raise	V	0-0	Raise the question of promotions .	Raise from the dead .
fall	V	0-1	Fall by the wayside .	Christmas falls on a Monday this year .
keep	V	0-0	Keep my job for me while I give birth .	Keep a diary .
defense	N	1-5	In defense he said the other man started it .	The artillery battered down the defenses .
take	V	1-2	We take all major credit cards .	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?
give	V	0-1	Give homage .	She gave herself to many men .
check	V	0-0	Check the brakes .	Check the oil in your car once a month .
restraint	N	2-0	The unlawful restraint of trade .	Restraints imposed on imports .
hold	V	2-6	He can hold his liquor .	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck .
visit	V	3-2	Did you ever visit Paris ?	The principal visited his rage on the students .
line	N	2-4	A nice line of shoes .	They were arrayed in line of battle .
make	V	3-0	What do you make of his remarks ?	Make a mistake .
break	V	2-2	Can you break a hundred-dollar bill for me ?	The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .
point	N	4-3	Life has lost its point .	He broke the point of his pencil .
product	N	6-6	That store offers a variety of products .	That store offers a variety of products .
cover	V	4-2	The grant does n't cover my salary .	The President covered the fact that he bugged the offices in the White House .
run	V	0-5	Run a subject .	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .
accept	V	3-1	I can not accept your invitation .	We accept the idea of universal health care .
action	N	6-2	The piano had a very stiff action .	A rifle action .
contact	N	0-3	Contact with the pier scraped paint from the hull .	The pilot made contact with the base .
carry	V	4-2	Put down 5 and carry 2 .	I am carrying his child .
cut	V	3-0	Would you please cut the cake ?	Cut a hole .
gather	V	0-1	Gather some stones .	Herman gathered the students together .
admit	V	1-2	To admit a serious thought into the mind .	This pipe admits air .
side	N	5-2	It brought out his better side .	The Confederate side was prepared to attack .
draw	V	0-2	Draw a weapon .	A ship draws ten feet of water .
wall	N	1-3	A wall of prejudice .	The container 's walls were blue .
carry	V	2-1	The airwaves carry the sound .	Sound carries well over water .
carry	V	2-7	These bonds carry warrants .	The dog was taught to fetch and carry .
turn	V	0-1	Turn the corner .	We turned from Socialism to Capitalism .
carry	V	7-0	The dog was taught to fetch and carry .	Carry a cause .
radiate	V	1-2	Spokes radiate from the hub of the wheel .	The heat radiates from a stove .
choke	V	0-2	Choke a carburetor .	The pirate choked the sailor to death .
church	N	5-1	There is a lovely little church in the valley .	The church was empty .
take	V	2-1	Do you take me for a fool ?	I take it you 're not going ?
connect	V	4-2	Operator , could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore ?	These computers connected well .
give	V	3-2	The French doors give onto a terrace .	The wall gave in .
return	N	12-2	His gross income was enough that he had to file a tax return .	On his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party .
action	N	4-6	He is out of action .	The piano had a very stiff action .
head	N	5-7	Tickets are $ 5 per head .	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .
hand	N	3-1	On the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...	All hands on deck .
spring	N	8-6	The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring .	You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .
describe	V	5-1	The feeling is difficult to describe , but not unpleasant .	He described what we should do .
know	V	2-1	Do you know my sister ?	I know him under a different name .
turn	V	0-2	Turn your face to the wall .	The people turned against the President when he stole the election .
world	N	4-2	He sailed around the world .	All the world loves a lover .
ride	V	1-1	I ride to work in a bus .	She rode a wave of popularity .
take	V	1-0	We take the Times every day .	Take action .
material	N	3-3	She was vice-presidential material .	He was university material .
work	V	4-2	This dough does not work easily .	Can you work an electric drill ?
come	V	0-3	Come into contact with a terrorist group .	Where did you come from ?
fire	V	5-1	In warfare , whoever opens fire first has a greater chance of victory .	Surrender fires the cold skepticism .
cover	V	0-1	Cover the grave with flowers .	She covered herself with glory .
point	N	3-3	What is the point of discussing it ?	He stuck the point of the knife into a tree .
play	N	5-2	It was all done in play .	Rain stopped play in the 4th inning .
chance	N	3-3	You take a chance when you let her drive .	We had the chance to meet the president last week .
cup	N	7-3	He swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away .	He drank a cup of coffee .
drop	N	1-3	A drop of each sample was analyzed .	They expected the drop would be successful .
focus	V	1-0	Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies .	Focus on passing the test .
point	N	3-3	He broke the point of his pencil .	He stuck the point of the knife into a tree .
collision	N	1-6	The collision of the two ships resulted in a serious oil spill .	Three passengers were killed in the collision .
take	V	2-3	Do you take me for a fool ?	He was often taken to be a man of means .
plug	V	0-3	Plug the wall .	He attempted to plug the leaks with some caulk .
mean	V	9-2	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?	My ex-husband means nothing to me .
washout	N	12-6	It was several days after the storm before they could repair the washout and open the road .	From the house they watched the washout of their newly seeded lawn by the water .
shell	V	1-3	Nuts shell in falling .	Wheat or rye shells in reaping .
make	V	0-4	Make lead into gold .	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
run	V	4-2	The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .	Who 's running for treasurer this year ?
leave	V	0-8	Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .	The wound I got in my car accident left behind a massive scar .
thing	N	6-3	How could you do such a thing ?	He has a thing about seafood .
land	V	5-4	It can be tricky to land a helicopter .	Use the net to land the fish .
air	N	6-7	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .	Open a window and let in some air .
make	V	0-1	Make a phone call .	They make a cute couple .
house	N	1-3	The house gets a percentage of every bet .	He has a house on Cape Cod .
custody	N	6-4	He was mistreated while in police custody .	The suspect is in custody .
respect	N	10-5	He is an intellectual giant , and I have great respect for him .	Be sure to give my respects to the dean .
stain	V	4-0	People knew how to stain glass a beautiful blue in the middle ages .	Stain this table a beautiful walnut color .
run	V	3-2	The sale will run for ten days .	The book runs 655 pages .
strike	V	1-2	Please strike this remark from the record .	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .
take	V	3-3	I used to take The Sunday Times .	You ca n't take credit for this !
continue	V	3-3	We can not continue several servants any longer .	The bad weather continued for two more weeks .
play	V	0-0	Play the stock market .	Play cards .
loaf	N	1-1	Sugar loaf .	A loaf of cheese .
carry	V	2-1	You must carry your camping gear .	Amanda carried the package .
sum	N	1-1	The sum of all our troubles did not equal the misery they suffered .	The sum of forty pounds .
see	V	7-1	He is blind -- he can not see .	I saw him laughing .
hit	V	3-2	The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .	The movie hits theaters in December .
cut	V	1-1	She cut the deck for a long time .	Soap cuts grease .
work	N	8-3	Mastering a second language requires a lot of work .	He arrived at work early today .
experience	N	3-3	He recalled the experience vividly .	It was an experience he would not soon forget .
take	V	3-0	I used to take The Sunday Times .	Take action .
focus	V	1-1	Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies .	We focused on it .
thread	N	1-8	A thread of smoke climbed upward .	From the air the road was a grey thread .
cut	V	1-0	She cut the deck for a long time .	Cut a disk .
come	V	0-2	Come into contact with a terrorist group .	The shoes came untied .
coordinate	V	0-0	Coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues .	Coordinate the painters , masons , and plumbers .
place	N	1-5	Your place or mine ?	If you were in my place what would you do ?
return	N	5-9	They set out on their return to the base camp .	I expect the house to be spotless upon my return .
law	N	3-1	There is a law against kidnapping .	By law , one is not allowed to own a wallaby in New York City .
tumble	V	5-1	Wash in warm water and tumble dry .	They tumbled the teams with no apparent pattern .
stream	N	0-1	Stream of consciousness .	Two streams of development run through American history .
play	N	1-4	The play lasted two hours .	They made a futile play for power .
credit	N	3-9	I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .	He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .
check	N	6-6	He paid all his bills by check .	He asked the waiter for the check .
drill	V	2-0	Do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe .	Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction .
recognition	N	1-2	Increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases .	A sudden recognition of the problem he faced .
remember	V	2-1	Can you remember her phone number ?	I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .
room	N	0-6	Room to pass .	There was n't that much elbow room in the aircraft .
microprocessor	N	5-1	A disk drive contains a microprocessor to handle the internal functions of the drive .	A microprocessor functions as the central processing unit of a microcomputer .
piece	N	4-3	It was a nice piece of work .	He needed a piece of granite .
move	V	1-1	To move in a matter .	She moved the queen closer to the centre of the board .
position	N	6-6	Chief of Staff is the second-highest position in the army .	Atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life .
see	V	2-3	Let 's see -- which movie should we see tonight ?	How nice to see you again !
head	N	5-3	His horse won by a head .	He is two heads taller than his little sister .
make	V	1-1	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .
reduce	V	0-0	Reduce an image .	Reduce one 's standard of living .
work	V	3-7	He could not work the math problem .	This unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out .
take	V	0-3	Take an opportunity .	The escaped convict took to the hills .
pack	V	3-0	You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice .	Pack the faucet .
integrity	N	5-10	They admired his scrupulous professional integrity .	He expects to find in us the common honesty and integrity of men of business .
part	N	5-2	He wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself .	The rear part of the house .
edge	N	4-4	His voice had an edge to it .	She sat on the edge of the bed .
take	V	1-1	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .	Hitler took the Baltic Republics .
take	V	4-0	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	Take the gun from your pocket .
create	V	2-3	You can create the color orange by mixing yellow and red .	The company was created 25 years ago .
be	V	2-4	I may be an hour .	When will the meeting be ?
touch	N	2-5	The cooling touch of the night air .	This piano has a wonderful touch .
bum	N	4-2	That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo-yo .	A lazy bum .
pull	V	0-0	Pull one 's horse to a stand .	Pull the ball .
catch	V	2-4	Did you catch a cold ?	The fashion did not catch .
see	V	3-1	We had to see a psychiatrist .	He saw action in Viet Nam .
make	V	0-2	Make advances .	She 'll make a fine president .
realization	N	2-4	A growing realization of the risk involved .	The victory was the realization of a whole year 's work .
know	V	6-1	It is vital that he not know .	She knew of our plan .
head	N	3-6	He stuck his head out the window .	They tracked him back toward the head of the stream .
touch	N	4-6	He longed for the touch of her hand .	This room needs a woman 's touch .
fail	V	6-6	Where do today 's public schools fail ?	The attempt to rescue the hostages failed miserably .
stick	V	0-2	Stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress .	The friends stuck together through the war .
occupy	V	5-1	The young prince will soon occupy the throne .	He occupies two rooms on the top floor .
range	V	2-2	My students range from very bright to dull .	The instruments ranged from tuba to cymbals .
go	V	5-2	It 's your turn ; go .	The gun went " bang " .
practice	N	1-4	The practice of the law .	I took over his practice when he retired .
dress	V	0-1	Dress the windows .	Marlene dressed herself .
meeting	N	6-3	They came together in a chance meeting on the way home from work .	Next year the meeting will be in Chicago .
fill	N	11-4	Do n't feed him any more : he 's had his fill .	She had heard her fill of gossip .
polish	V	0-1	Polish your social manners .	He polished up the chrome until it gleamed .
style	N	2-2	A cartilaginous style .	The anal styles of insects .
treat	V	3-2	I like to treat myself to a day at a spa when I am depressed .	Grandmother always treated us to the circus .
go	V	5-5	These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge .	This chair has got to go .
return	V	0-2	Return to your native land .	The professor returned to his teaching position after serving as Dean .
give	V	0-1	Give thought to .	I gave two sons to the war .
school	N	8-3	He did n't miss a single day of school .	He walked to school every morning .
day	N	2-6	After that day she never trusted him again .	I 've been here for 2 days and a bit .
strike	V	0-3	Strike ` z ' on the keyboard .	The horse finally struck a pace .
make	V	0-1	Make a cake .	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
break	V	0-3	Break a branch from a tree .	The business partners broke over a tax question .
academy	N	1-2	The Academy of Music .	The American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
head	N	7-6	I 've got to go to the head .	This song keeps going through my head .
keep	V	0-1	Keep appointments .	We kept to the original conditions of the contract .
ground	N	6-5	They fought to regain the lost ground .	The worm crawls through the ground .
spread	N	5-1	They put out quite a spread .	The spread between lending and borrowing costs .
lob	V	0-2	Lob the tennis ball .	The guard lobbed a pass just over the defender .
draw	V	0-2	Draw a conclusion .	The doctors drew medical supplies from the hospital 's emergency bank .
fall	V	4-2	The hills around here fall towards the ocean .	His eyes fell .
business	N	2-5	We do business all over the world .	He bought his brother 's business .
buildup	N	4-2	I envied his rapid buildup of assets .	A military buildup in preparation for the invasion .
object	N	2-1	The sole object of her trip was to see her children .	The object of the verb .
catch	V	0-0	Catch one 's breath .	Catch some sleep .
order	N	4-2	It was on the order of a mile .	Law and order .
replace	V	3-1	The insurance will replace the lost income .	He replaced the old razor blade .
breath	N	2-3	His sour breath offended her .	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .
break	V	0-0	Break the code .	Break a branch from a tree .
run	V	3-5	The horse will run the Preakness next year .	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .
hand	N	1-2	His hand was illegible .	A good hand .
shock	N	4-8	He had an unruly shock of black hair .	The train hit the buffers with a great shock .
piece	N	5-3	He 's packin ' a piece !	He needed a piece of granite .
coordinate	V	0-0	Coordinate our efforts .	Coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues .
assume	V	3-2	Mr. Jones will assume the position of a lifeguard until a proper replacement is found .	The queen assumed the stately robes .
shock	N	5-4	Subjects received a small electric shock when they made the wrong response .	It came as a shock to learn that he was injured .
end	N	1-1	The end of the year .	One end of the box was marked ` This side up ' .
quality	N	9-0	This school is well-known for having teachers of high quality .	Quality of life is usually determined by health , education , and income .
cast	V	1-0	Who cast this beautiful movie ?	Cast a vote .
get	V	2-3	We 'll get them !	She did n't get the joke .
hold	V	1-0	To hold true .	Hold that position behind the trees !
pay	V	3-1	Crime does n't pay .	It pays to go through the trouble .
smile	N	3-4	She had a smile on her face .	He always puts a smile on my face .
age	N	4-6	It 's been an age since we last saw you .	It was replaced because of its age .
glimpse	N	7-4	From the window he could catch a glimpse of the lake .	I only got a glimpse of the car , so I can tell you the colour but not the registration number .
open	V	0-2	Open a business .	The door opened .
product	N	6-1	That store offers a variety of products .	The product of 2 and 3 is 6 .
change	N	3-5	She brought a change in her overnight bag .	The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .
lie	V	2-2	Do n't lie to your parents .	The snow lies on the roof . 
demand	V	1-2	I demand an explanation .	This position demands a lot of personal sacrifice .
art	N	6-3	He said that architecture is the art of wasting space beautifully .	How great thou art !
line	N	2-6	A dedicated line .	The letter consisted of three short lines .
check	V	1-1	Please check each name on the list .	She checked for an instant and missed a step .
lead	N	2-5	A good lead for a job .	They did n't follow our lead .
get	V	4-3	The operator could n't get Kobe because of the earthquake .	What did you get at the toy store ?
roll	V	0-2	Roll your hair around your finger .	The thunder rolled .
invitation	N	3-3	She threw the invitation away .	She was an invitation to trouble .
figure	N	4-4	He cut a fine figure .	He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .
go	V	8-5	This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go .	It 's your turn ; go .
chromosome	N	3-11	Humans have 22 chromosome pairs plus two sex chromosomes .	There have been documented cases of morphologically male transgenders having XX chromosomes .
action	N	2-2	The Union action of emancipating Southern slaves .	Recent federal action undermined the segregationist position .
drift	V	0-3	Drift the cattle herds westwards .	The balloon was drifting in the breeze .
work	V	5-2	This old radio does n't work anymore .	This pilot works the controls .
coverage	N	11-3	The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?	There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .
raise	V	0-0	Raise Cain .	Raise the roof .
lift	V	0-0	Lift an embargo .	Lift potatoes .
chain	N	6-1	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .	The chain of command .
number	N	1-3	The number of parameters is small .	He had a number of chores to do .
know	V	1-1	I know that I left the key on the table .	Galileo knew that the earth moves around the sun .
crash	V	2-2	Let 's crash the party !	The economy crashed .
one	N	3-4	This is the one I ordered .	He is the best one .
distance	N	8-2	If that happens it will be at some distance in the future .	At a distance of ten years he had forgotten many of the details .
rub	V	0-2	Rub oil into her skin .	The cat rubbed itself against my leg .
draw	V	0-1	Draw a conclusion .	I draw a line here .
dress	V	3-1	We had to dress quickly .	Marlene dressed the baby .
quality	N	1-0	The quality of students has risen .	Quality of life is usually determined by health , education , and income .
patch	N	2-3	A cabbage patch .	Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?
swing	V	5-2	The soccer player began to swing at the referee .	This action swung many votes over to his side .
gather	V	0-12	Gather some stones .	If you want to emphasise the shape , it is possible to gather the waistline .
narrowness	N	8-3	The attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus .	Frustrated by the narrowness of people 's horizons .
number	N	10-7	In English the subject and the verb must agree in number .	I hope to become one of their number before I die .
pay	V	2-2	You 'll pay for this !	You 'll pay for this opinion later .
rub	V	0-0	Rub my hands .	Rub oil into her skin .
run	N	7-5	The defensive line braced to stop the run .	The team enjoyed a brief run of victories .
touch	V	10-2	Can he reach ? " " The chair must not touch the wall .	Their hands touched .
advance	V	2-1	Can you advance me some money ?	To advance one 's interests .
form	N	3-9	Sculpture is a form of art .	To apply for the position , complete the application form .
go	V	2-4	Messages must go through diplomatic channels .	The speech has to go through several more drafts .
finish	N	2-6	His best finish in a major tournament was third .	It was a fight to the finish .
head	N	6-4	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .	He was at the head of the column .
range	N	7-9	He dreamed of a home on the range .	They used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring .
run	V	0-2	Run a new program on the Mac .	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .
land	N	5-4	They come from a faraway land .	He returned to the land of his birth .
break	V	2-2	Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security .	Three inmates broke jail .
reduce	V	0-0	Reduce a problem to a single question .	Reduce one 's standard of living .
bank	V	4-0	The pilot had to bank the aircraft .	Bank a fire .
splash	N	3-4	I heard a splash when the rock landed in the pond .	He made a great splash and then disappeared .
check	V	0-0	Check the time of the class .	Check the oil in your car once a month .
give	V	0-3	Give the orders .	The French doors give onto a terrace .
develop	V	0-2	Develop land .	The country developed its natural resources .
rearrange	V	1-0	Please rearrange these files .	Rearrange the furniture in my room .
art	N	0-4	Art does not need to be innovative to be good .	It 's quite an art .
see	V	3-4	I went to see my friend Mary the other day .	This program will be seen all over the world .
business	N	4-0	Show me where the business was today .	Business has been slow lately .
carry	V	4-2	Put down 5 and carry 2 .	This paper carries a restaurant review .
sing	V	4-2	I really want to sing in the school choir . said Vera .	My brother sings very well .
job	N	1-4	The job of repairing the engine took several hours .	I 've got a job for you - could you wash the dishes ?
give	V	0-1	Give a course .	She gave the boy a good spanking .
time	N	4-4	We had a wonderful time at the party .	I did n't have time to finish .
title	N	12-5	He looked for books with the word ` jazz ' in the title .	I can never remember movie titles .
exercise	V	2-3	Some parents exercise their infants .	This puzzle will exercise your mind .
carry	V	2-2	These bonds carry warrants .	The restaurant carries an unusual name .
language	N	4-3	He recorded the spoken language of the streets .	He uttered harsh language .
track	V	0-1	Track a missile .	I tracked prints .
polish	V	0-1	Polish my shoes .	He polished up the chrome until it gleamed .
product	N	3-4	This is a product of lime and nitric acid .	His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .
come	V	0-3	Come into the room .	The first success came three days later .
check	V	0-2	Check the brakes .	I will check up on the car tomorrow .
control	N	1-3	The control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw .	I turned the controls over to her .
give	V	0-3	Give priority to .	The French doors give onto a terrace .
call	N	12-4	He heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call .	He placed a phone call to London .
move	V	2-6	We must move quickly .	Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !
know	V	1-3	I know the feeling !	Have you ever known hunger ?
hegemony	N	7-12	The consolidation of the United States ' hegemony over a new international economic system .	To say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony .
float	V	0-2	Float the plaster .	The balloon floated off into the distance .
make	V	0-1	Make a move .	They make a cute couple .
play	V	0-1	Play a hooked fish .	He played $ 20 on the new horse .
get	V	3-3	Where did she get these news ?	You can not get water out of a stone .
run	N	2-4	His daily run keeps him fit .	He broke into a run .
know	V	1-1	I know your mother , but I 've never met your father .	I know this voice !
practice	N	4-5	I took over his practice when he retired .	It is not the local practice to wear shorts to dinner .
inwardness	N	0-2	Inwardness is what an Englishman quite simply has , painlessly , as a birthright .	Socrates ' inwardness , integrity , and inquisitiveness"- H.R.Finch .
admit	V	1-1	To admit a serious thought into the mind .	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .
date	N	1-7	His date never stopped talking .	We have n't heard from them to date .
feast	N	3-2	We had a feast to celebrate the harvest .	The Thanksgiving feast .
section	N	1-2	A section of a fishing rod .	The finance section of the company .
tramp	N	2-1	A homeless tramp .	The tramp of military boots .
life	N	5-6	The battery had a short life .	He lived a long and happy life .
make	V	0-2	Make an estimate .	Can you make me an omelette ?
run	V	3-1	The sale will run for ten days .	They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .
break	V	0-4	Break the cycle of poverty .	The first winter storm broke over New York .
notice	N	1-3	A notice of sale .	He took no notice of the changes , and went on as though nothing had happened .
tomorrow	N	5-0	Everyone hopes for a better tomorrow .	Tomorrow 's world .
break	V	0-2	Break a promise .	The surf broke .
master	N	1-4	A master of the violin .	One of the old masters .
mixture	N	3-2	He drank a mixture of beer and lemonade .	A gradual mixture of cultures .
keep	V	2-0	Can I keep my old stuffed animals ?	Keep smiling .
cut	V	6-4	The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead .	The new tooth is cutting .
suffer	V	3-1	I 've been suffering your insults for years .	He suffered the penalty .
call	N	4-4	He placed a phone call to London .	I received several phone calls today .
service	V	0-6	Service my truck .	The washing machine needs to be serviced .
break	V	3-3	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy .	His voice is breaking -- he should no longer sing in the choir .
make	V	0-0	Make one 's way into the forest .	Make yourself clear .
turn	V	0-0	Turn cartwheels .	Turn a somersault .
emission	N	1-1	The emission of heat from a fire .	The emission was mostly blood .
catch	V	11-4	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .	The fashion did not catch .
repair	V	1-1	To repair a shattered fortune .	To repair to sanctuary for safety .
excuse	N	4-9	He 's a sorry excuse of a doctor .	He had to get his mother to write an excuse for him .
touch	V	5-8	The local Mafia wo n't touch gambling .	Are you all right ? You 've hardly touched your lunch .
dent	N	3-4	It made a dent in my bank account .	The crash produced a dent in the left side of the car .
keep	V	3-2	Where do you keep your gardening tools ?	These potatoes keep for a long time .
patch	N	2-2	A cabbage patch .	A briar patch .
take	V	0-2	Take a risk .	I 'll take that plate off the table .
see	V	3-1	I want to see whether she speaks French .	I saw their laughing and joking .
place	N	3-5	He overstepped his place .	It is really not my place to say what is right and wrong in this case .
hold	V	6-1	The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs .	He held the governorship for almost a decade .
break	N	1-5	The break in the eighth frame cost him the match .	They hoped to avoid a break in relations .
line	N	1-4	In line with .	He got out of line .
head	N	2-1	Under the head of minor Roman poets .	The head of the hammer .
come	V	0-0	Come into the room .	Come down here !
run	N	5-4	The team enjoyed a brief run of victories .	Yesterday we did a run of 12,000 units .
take	V	3-11	How should I take this message ?	Looking at him as he came into the room , I took him for his father .
grain	N	5-1	He does not have a grain of sense .	A grain of sand .
strike	V	2-7	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .	In the fifth inning , the Giants struck , sending three runners home to win the game 5 to 2 .
fill	V	0-2	Fill a container .	The liquid fills the container .
summer	V	3-1	We like to summer in the Mediterranean .	We summered in Kashmir .
way	N	4-3	I felt the same way .	That 's the way it is .
party	N	2-8	The green party took 12 % of the vote .	In 1992 Perot tried to organize a third party at the national level .
reproduction	N	1-2	Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited .	Gutenberg 's reproduction of holy texts was far more efficient .
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a boat .	A leak in a roof .
grain	N	1-1	A grain of salt .	A grain of sand .
multiply	V	3-3	He managed to multiply his profits .	He had been multiplying , but it occurred to him he needed to resolve the exponents , first .
baby	N	6-8	It was great to feel my baby moving about inside .	I felt healthy and very feminine carrying the baby .
see	V	2-3	You should see a lawyer .	We had to see a psychiatrist .
term	N	7-5	He left school before the end of term .	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .
get	V	3-4	She did n't get his name when they met the first time .	Her childish behavior really get to me .
rest	N	14-4	Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .
push	N	6-1	He gave the door a hard push .	The push of the water on the walls of the tank .
heat	V	0-0	Heat the house .	Heat the water on the stove .
draw	V	0-1	Draw a conclusion .	She drew $ 2,000 from the account .
fall	V	0-3	Fall into a trap .	The barometer is falling .
frequency	N	1-1	The frequency of modulation was 40 cycles per second .	The frequency of his seizures increased as he grew older .
head	N	4-1	They were at the head of the attack .	The head of the column advanced boldly .
take	V	3-3	How should I take this message ?	He was often taken to be a man of means .
size	N	3-5	That 's the size of the situation .	A wolf is about the size of a large dog .
drill	V	0-0	Drill for oil .	Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction .
stand	V	2-1	Here I stand , wondering what to do next .	There stood on the corner a statue .
communicate	V	12-2	I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .	Do you communicate well with your advisor ?
third	N	3-6	He ate a third of the pie .	A simple harmony written in major thirds .
blip	N	7-7	Renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales .	You ca n't react to the day-to-day blips .
reason	N	1-3	The reason that war was declared .	They had good reason to rejoice .
book	N	5-4	Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .	Genesis is the first book of the Bible .
cut	V	0-0	Cut orders .	Cut a caper .
wash	V	2-1	Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?	He washed the dirt from his coat .
length	N	1-1	A length of tubing .	A length of timber .
occasion	N	1-3	An occasion arranged to honor the president .	There was no occasion for complaint .
draw	V	10-3	At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .	The session was drawn to a close .
speak	V	1-4	They speak a strange dialect .	Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .
come	V	2-1	These shoes come in three colors .	He came through the door .
run	V	3-1	Let the dogs run free .	She runs around telling everyone of her troubles .
baby	N	0-3	Baby rabbits .	When is your baby due ?
space	N	5-5	They stopped at an open space in the jungle .	It all happened in the space of 10 minutes .
turn	V	0-1	Turn the legs of the table .	People turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium .
beg	V	1-1	I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .	I begged to come .
set	V	0-2	Set up an experiment .	The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight .
sale	N	3-4	Laws limit the sale of handguns .	They tried to boost sales .
patch	V	0-3	Patch the skirt .	The field was patched with snow .
carry	V	1-6	We carry a very large mortgage .	How many credits is this student carrying ?
center	N	5-5	His stories made him the center of the party .	They had to reinforce the center .
drive	V	2-3	Can you drive this four-wheel truck ?	What are you driving at ?
run	V	4-1	The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .	She ran her fingers along the carved figurine .
figure	N	4-2	He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .	A heroic figure .
work	V	4-1	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?	He works his parents for sympathy .
place	N	7-4	He put the lamp back in its place .	He has a special place in my thoughts .
fire	V	0-0	Fire a bullet .	Fire a gun .
study	N	9-4	He knocked lightly on the closed door of the study .	He is a quick study .
degree	N	2-10	A remarkable degree of frankness .	Most humans have a field of vision of almost 180 degrees .
body	N	8-7	Penny was in the scullery , pressing the body of her new dress .	They moved their arms and legs and bodies .
mean	V	9-8	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?	An example sentence would show what this word means .
field	V	2-2	She will field questions immediately after her presentation .	The lawyer fielded all questions from the press .
stretch	N	8-2	I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .	There were stretches of boredom .
market	N	13-4	Before they publish any book they try to determine the size of the market for it .	We believe that the market for the new widget is the older homeowner .
level	V	2-3	You can level the table by turning the pads that screw into the feet .	The building was levelled .
keep	V	0-0	Keep count .	Keep appointments .
left	N	2-3	The political left is not holding enough power .	Jab with your left .
baby	N	3-1	When is your baby due ?	The baby of the family .
make	V	1-2	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	He will make a splendid father !
run	V	0-3	Run a temperature .	Let the dogs run free .
fatigue	N	5-1	He was suffering from museum fatigue .	Political fatigue .
hegemony	N	12-1	To say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony .	The hegemony of a single member state is not incompatible with a genuine confederation .
mean	V	3-1	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .
area	N	1-3	The area of a rectangle .	The spacious cooking area provided plenty of room for servants .
tumult	N	1-1	The tumult of the elements .	The tumult of the spirits or passions .
agonist	N	8-8	When bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist .	When bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist .
paste	V	0-2	Paste the sign on the wall .	Cut and paste the sentence in the text .
draw	V	0-0	Draw on a cigarette .	Draw wire .
carry	V	2-2	I always carry money .	The troops carried the town after a brief fight .
night	N	3-5	From noon till night .	The cat disappeared into the night .
make	V	0-3	Make a mistake .	This invention will make you a millionaire .
make	V	7-4	A good review by this critic will make your play !	This company is what made you .
mince	V	5-0	Butchers often use machines to mince meat .	Mince the garlic .
water	N	7-6	He showed me the river of living water , sparkling like crystal , flowing from the throne of God .	He asked for a drink of water .
ride	V	1-1	I ride to work in a bus .	Ship rides at anchor .
sectarianism	N	3-3	He condemned religious sectarianism .	They were discussing sectarianism between Shias and Sunnis .
quality	N	1-8	The quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare .	Security , stability , and efficiency are good qualities of an operating system .
appearance	N	5-4	It was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America .	David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .
put	V	1-2	He put all his efforts into this job .	The teacher put an interesting twist to the interpretation of the story .
opening	N	6-1	A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .	The opening received good critical reviews .
begin	V	4-2	You can not even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war .	The semester begins with a convocation ceremony .
play	V	0-1	Play with her feelings .	He plays on three teams .
treatment	N	11-1	The change is due largely to the increased availability of antiretroviral treatment .	A treatment or cure is applied after a medical problem has already started .
serve	V	1-2	They serve a restricted role on the bench .	The minister served the King for many years .
work	V	0-4	Work stone into tools .	How does your idea work in practice ?
shade	N	6-8	After several trials he mixed the shade of pink that she wanted .	I 've painted my room in five lovely shades of pink and chartreuse .
get	V	2-1	We 'll get them !	He got his arm broken in the scuffle .
child	N	9-4	Go easy on him : he is but a child .	She writes books for children .
make	V	1-2	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	This wool makes into a nice sweater .
beachhead	N	9-4	The Germans were desperately trying to contain the Anzio beachhead .	The town became a beachhead in the campaign to ban smoking outdoors .
priority	N	3-6	National independence takes priority over class struggle .	He set his e-mail message 's priority to high .
leave	N	4-3	A ten day 's leave to visit his mother .	Might I beg leave to accompany you ?
beat	V	2-1	The boat beat in the strong wind .	I beat the traffic .
wall	N	1-1	A wall of prejudice .	A wall of water .
movement	N	1-4	The movement of cargo onto the vessel .	He had a bowel movement .
do	V	3-5	What will you do this afternoon ?	A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school .
line	N	1-4	The line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed .	He has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it .
ground	N	2-6	They gained ground step by step .	They fought to regain the lost ground .
behave	V	2-5	Do n't behave like a fool .	The children must learn to behave .
school	N	2-8	The whole school turned out for the game .	He did n't miss a single day of school .
place	N	5-4	A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .	He has a special place in my thoughts .
see	V	2-3	I can see a risk in this strategy .	We went to see the Eiffel Tower in the morning .
break	V	3-1	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy .	Someone broke in while I was on vacation .
give	V	2-1	Can you give me lessons ?	I gave my coat to the beggar .
feel	V	2-1	I can feel the sadness in his poems .	He felt his flesh crawl .
cut	V	2-0	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia .	Cut recording tape .
treatment	N	11-5	The change is due largely to the increased availability of antiretroviral treatment .	Cancer survivors who got radiation treatments as children have nearly twice the risk of developing diabetes as adults .
notice	N	1-2	A notice of sale .	An obituary notice .
rest	V	0-4	Rest assured .	The blame seems to rest with your father .
line	N	4-2	He has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it .	Toe the line .
source	N	6-6	He spent hours looking for the source of that quotation .	The accused refused to reveal the source of the illegal drugs she was selling .
have	V	0-3	Have a feeling .	What do we have here ?
head	N	5-1	The beer had a large head of foam .	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .
turn	V	0-2	Turn the corner .	The water turned into ice .
levy	V	0-1	Levy a fine .	To levy a tax .
time	N	4-4	They had a good time together .	We had a wonderful time at the party .
head	N	1-6	200 head of cattle .	This song keeps going through my head .
see	V	3-13	How nice to see you again !	They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .
render	V	1-0	To render Latin into English .	Render the town to the enemy .
start	V	4-0	We simply could not start the engine .	Start a foundation .
case	N	5-2	It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled .	A window case .
text	N	5-8	They handed out the printed text of the mayor 's speech .	There were more than a thousand words of text .
cup	N	3-3	He drank a cup of coffee .	He borrowed a cup of sugar .
give	V	0-0	Give a course .	Give a gulp .
put	V	0-0	Put these words to music .	Put money into bonds .
number	N	1-4	Every number has a unique position in the sequence .	He has an unlisted number .
draw	V	0-4	Draw a weapon .	The President 's comments drew sharp criticism from the Republicans .
carry	V	2-1	These pipes carry waste water into the river .	Amanda carried the package from home to New York .
stay	V	3-9	I can only stay for an hour .	After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full-time .
roll	V	0-2	Roll your hair around your finger .	The ball rolled down the hill .
spell	N	3-3	He cast a spell to cure warts .	He whispered a spell as he moved his hands .
stop	N	2-9	His next stop is Atlanta .	They agreed to see each other at the bus stop .
optimization	N	3-2	To promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products .	In an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized .
cut	V	0-0	Cut paper dolls .	Cut a nice figure .
smile	N	4-5	He always puts a smile on my face .	She 's got a perfect smile .
range	N	0-5	Range of motion .	The army maintains a missile range in the desert .
trust	N	6-3	The doctor-patient relationship is based on trust .	He betrayed their trust .
draw	V	0-1	Draw parallels .	He drew an elaborate plan of attack .
roll	V	9-3	I want to get there early ; let 's roll .	The cameras were rolling .
make	V	0-1	Make a mess in one 's office .	He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .
carry	V	1-2	We carry a very large mortgage .	His efforts carried the entire project .
go	V	6-4	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?	The belt just barely went around his waist .
connect	V	4-2	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	My computer connected to his computer .
habit	N	3-4	She had a habit twirling the ends of her hair .	A shrub of spreading habit .
fall	V	0-1	Fall asleep .	They fell out of favor .
come	V	0-0	Come into the room .	Come out of the closet !
beat	V	5-1	He danced hypnotically while she beat the atabaque .	Reading beats watching television .
course	N	5-7	If you persist in that course you will surely fail .	Once a nation is embarked on a course of action it becomes extremely difficult for any retraction to take place .
work	V	3-2	I can not work a miracle .	Can you work an electric drill ?
head	V	0-2	Head the fish .	This student heads the class .
see	V	0-4	See a movie .	This program will be seen all over the world .
break	V	6-2	This play will either make or break the playwright .	The figurine broke .
draw	V	0-0	Draw on a cigarette .	Draw a deep breath .
keep	V	0-2	Keep food for a week in the pantry .	I always keep batteries in the freezer .
set	V	0-1	Set this poem to music .	To set pear trees in an orchard .
put	V	1-0	He put all his efforts into this job .	Put these words to music .
fire	N	2-4	Hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes .	Barbecue over an open fire .
beauty	N	5-3	Brigitte Bardot was a renowned beauty .	His roses were beauties .
drive	N	6-3	He took the family for a drive in his new car .	A variable speed drive permitted operation through a range of speeds .
fabric	N	1-1	The fabric of our lives .	The fabric of the universe .
vehicle	N	4-5	His editorials provided a vehicle for his political views .	The play was just a vehicle to display her talents .
run	V	6-0	My computer is too old to run the new OS .	Run the dishwasher .
boy	N	4-4	The baby was a boy .	Most soldiers are only boys in uniform .
copy	N	3-3	Catastrophes make good copy .	She made a copy of the designer dress .
drop	N	4-2	There is not a drop of pity in that man .	Put three drops of oil into the mixture .
pull	V	0-0	Pull a horse .	Pull weeds .
convert	V	2-1	Could you convert my dollars into pounds ?	Smith converted and his team won .
make	V	0-0	Make a phone call .	Make one 's way into the forest .
prove	V	0-2	Prove a will .	The exception proves the rule .
top	N	2-4	Only the top side of the box was painted .	Put your books on top of the desk .
top	V	0-0	Top the evening with champagne .	Top and tail the carrots .
allow	V	1-2	To allow a son to be absent .	Mandela was allowed few visitors in prison .
sex	N	2-6	We had sex in the back seat .	All you ever think about is sex .
avoid	V	4-1	Her former friends now avoid her .	We avoided the area .
cut	V	3-2	She could not cut the long days in the office .	His opponent cut upward toward his chin .
come	V	3-2	Nothing good will come of this .	His breath came hard .
make	V	2-2	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	She was made president of the club .
floor	N	2-5	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .	The room has a wooden floor .
swing	V	0-2	Swing forward .	This action swung many votes over to his side .
head	N	1-1	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .	A head of steam .
take	V	1-5	I take it you 're not going ?	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .
play	V	0-2	Play the stock market .	Who 's playing now ?
heart	N	2-5	In your heart you know it is true .	You have n't got the heart for baseball .
pull	V	0-0	Pull the oars .	Pull the trigger of the gun .
number	N	1-7	The number of parameters is small .	I hope to become one of their number before I die .
pay	V	2-2	It will pay to wait .	You 'll pay for this opinion later .
wear	V	0-2	Wear one 's hair in a certain way .	He always wears a smile .
tap	V	0-0	Tap one 's memory .	Tap a source of money .
hold	V	2-0	She can hold an audience spellbound .	Hold this bowl for a moment , please .
period	N	5-3	In England they call a period a stop .	Picasso 's blue period .
pull	V	7-0	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .	Pull a bank robbery .
go	V	2-1	Messages must go through diplomatic channels .	Get going !
play	V	0-0	Play sports .	Play cards .
sequence	N	1-7	The sequence of names was alphabetical .	He invented a technique to determine the sequence of base pairs in DNA .
apparition	N	2-5	The sudden apparition of the Spaniards . – William H. Prescott .	Natives were amazed at the apparition of this white stranger .
press	V	3-0	This guy can press 300 pounds .	Press a record .
treat	V	4-1	She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke .	You treated me like a fool .
hand	N	2-2	The hired hand fixed the railing .	A ranch hand .
turn	V	0-0	Turn your palm this way .	Turn the clay on the wheel .
make	V	0-2	Make lead into gold .	We barely made the plane .
apology	N	5-10	He wrote a letter of apology to the hostess .	What he said really hurt my feelings , but his apology sounded so sincere that I could n't help but forgive him .
avoid	V	4-3	Her former friends now avoid her .	I try to avoid the company of gamblers .
take	V	5-4	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
face	V	2-2	Turn and face your partner now .	The bunkers faced north and east , toward Germany .
fall	V	4-4	The line of men fall forward .	The most difficult task fell on the youngest member of the team .
foot	N	4-1	Curled up on the foot of the bed .	The foot of the mountain .
order	N	4-4	Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales .	It was on the order of a mile .
time	N	1-1	The time of year for planting .	This time he succeeded .
point	N	5-3	They sailed south around the point .	A row of points .
chain	N	5-1	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .	The chain of command .
make	V	0-1	Make merry .	She makes like an actress .
rest	N	5-4	The ocean was finally at rest .	He threw away the rest .
block	N	1-7	A block of stone .	The pyramids were built with large stone blocks .
turn	V	0-1	Turn on the spot .	He turned traitor .
fall	V	4-1	The line of men fall forward .	Light fell on her face .
boss	N	4-1	He is the Republican boss in Kentucky .	Party bosses have a reputation for corruption .
stop	N	4-2	It came to a stop at the bottom of the hill .	His next stop is Atlanta .
clean	V	0-0	Clean grain before milling it .	Clean the spots off the rug .
register	V	4-0	Her surprise did not register .	Register for an election .
time	N	2-2	It is time to go .	At what times do the trains arrive ?
play	V	3-1	I used to play with trucks as a little girl .	They played long and hard .
make	V	0-1	Make enemies .	He made a fool of himself at the meeting .
break	V	10-4	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	The flat plain was broken by tall mesas .
station	N	5-6	The train pulled into the station .	He started looking for a gas station .
describe	V	5-3	The feeling is difficult to describe , but not unpleasant .	Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental .
give	V	2-1	Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?	She gave me a dirty look .
call	V	0-2	Call a football game .	She was called into the director 's office .
voice	N	6-3	After the fire a still small voice . — 1 Kings 19:12 .	Conservatism has many voices .
pull	V	0-0	Pull the string gently .	Pull the trigger of the gun .
draw	V	10-1	At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .	She drew an elephant .
show	V	8-5	He bet $ 2 on number six to show .	The car 's dull finish showed years of neglect .
fire	N	8-2	They retreated in the face of withering enemy fire .	Hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes .
work	V	5-2	This old radio does n't work anymore .	The vintner worked the wine in big oak vats .
rhythm	N	5-7	The piece has a fast rhythm .	We walked with a quick , even rhythm .
deal	N	7-4	He 's a master of the business deal .	It was a package deal .
opening	N	1-1	The opening received good critical reviews .	The opening of his arms was the sign I was waiting for .
race	V	2-1	Let 's race and see who gets there first .	I raced him to the car , but he was there first , so he got to ride shotgun .
work	V	2-0	Can you work an electric drill ?	Work the metal into a sword .
position	N	7-1	Chief of Staff is the second highest position in the army .	The position of the hands on the clock .
fatigue	N	5-13	He was suffering from museum fatigue .	After watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue .
see	V	2-2	Now I see !	Can you see the bird in that tree ?
round	N	3-4	There was a round of applause .	They brought us a round of drinks about every thirty minutes .
stick	N	6-6	The policy so far is all stick and no carrot .	Fever left him weak on his sticks .
light	N	3-2	Can you shed light on this problem ?	Put that light out !
use	V	2-3	We only use Spanish at home .	I ca n't use this tool .
softness	N	0-10	Softness is not something permitted of good leaders .	Orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness .
classify	V	2-2	Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?	The curator classified the artifacts .
serve	V	1-5	We serve meals for the homeless .	The President 's wisdom has served the country well .
center	N	6-5	He hit the ball to deep center .	His stories made him the center of the party .
head	N	9-7	Be careful when you pet that dog on the head ; it may bite .	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .
live	V	2-4	Can you live on $ 2000 a month in New York City ?	The holocaust survivors have lived a nightmare .
admit	V	3-2	The French doors admit onto the yard .	This pipe admits air .
bank	N	6-5	He cashed a check at the bank .	He tried to break the bank at Monte Carlo .
air	N	0-6	Air pollution .	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .
pound	V	0-3	Pound the roots with a heavy flat stone .	My heart is pounding .
grip	N	4-11	They kept a firm grip on the two top priorities .	It was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip .
draw	V	10-0	At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .	Draw a card .
fall	V	0-0	Fall into a trap .	Fall asleep .
unemployment	N	3-0	The rate of unemployment is an indicator of the health of an economy .	Unemployment made Jack depressed .
draw	V	0-1	Draw pulp from the fruit .	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange .
fall	V	0-2	Fall prey to an imposter .	The curtain fell on the diva .
light	N	3-4	Can you shed light on this problem ?	Do you have a light ?
work	V	4-0	This dough does not work easily .	Work the raisins into the dough .
buy	V	5-3	I 'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore !	I ca n't buy this story .
swing	V	5-1	The soccer player began to swing at the referee .	He swung his left fist .
draw	V	0-2	Draw parallels .	A ship draws ten feet of water .
head	N	4-7	Matters came to a head yesterday .	I 've got to go to the head .
come	V	3-1	Your wish will come true .	Next came the student from France .
play	V	0-0	Play fair .	Play games .
drive	V	1-0	To drive sheep out of a field .	Drive the forest .
hold	V	2-3	He can hold his liquor .	This theory still holds .
clip	N	8-6	I went into the salon to get a clip .	He could do ten at a clip .
pay	V	0-1	Pay attention .	He paid me 5000 pounds for the car .
light	N	2-1	Put that light out !	The light of my life .
shot	N	2-2	His parting shot was ` drop dead ' .	A good shot requires good balance and tempo .
carry	V	2-3	You must carry your camping gear .	This train is carrying nuclear waste .
line	N	2-6	Toe the line .	Historians can only point out those lines for which evidence is available .
school	N	3-1	He walked to school every morning .	The school was built in 1932 .
play	V	0-1	Play cards .	Gielgud played Hamlet .
take	V	0-0	Take shelter from the storm .	Take a test .
noise	N	9-4	During the firework display that ended the gala the noise reached 98 decibels .	He enjoyed the street noises .
replace	V	3-6	The insurance will replace the lost income .	This antique vase can never be replaced .
snap	N	5-4	He gave his fingers a snap .	Servants appeared at the snap of his fingers .
cover	V	0-0	Cover her face with a handkerchief .	Cover the child with a blanket .
swing	V	0-2	Swing a bat .	His mood swings .
break	V	1-4	Twigs break off of those branches easily .	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .
give	V	4-0	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .	Give a course .
presence	N	6-4	Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .	He tested for the presence of radon .
pay	V	2-0	Do n't pay him any mind .	Pay attention .
carry	V	3-1	He can not carry a tune .	Amanda carried the package to New York .
voice	N	6-1	After the fire a still small voice . — 1 Kings 19:12 .	The voice of the law .
range	N	7-5	The plains lay just beyond the mountain range .	The valley was between two ranges of hills .
see	V	3-2	I do n't see the situation quite as negatively as you do .	I must see your passport before you can enter the country .
unravel	V	11-3	Stop playing with the seam of the tablecloth ! You will unravel it .	Mother could n't unravel the ball of wool after the cat had played with it .
make	V	0-2	Make a mistake .	My wife made me buy a new sofa .
light	N	10-1	Magoon 's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter .	The light of my life .
stand	V	1-1	We stand on common ground .	Paris stands on the Seine .
work	V	2-2	I will work hard to improve my grades .	He 's working in a bar .
see	V	4-2	I just ca n't see your point .	Now I see !
turn	V	18-0	The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .	Turn the earth in the Spring .
do	V	2-1	We could do with a little more help around here .	We did 6 miles on our hike every day .
production	N	13-5	They improve their product every year ; they export most of their agricultural production .	They hope to increase spaghetti production next year .
interest	N	3-1	In the common interest .	An interest in music .
body	N	1-1	A body of law .	A body of precedents .
difference	N	8-6	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .	It just wo n't make much difference to me .
give	V	0-1	Give one 's talents to a good cause .	What gives ?
make	V	3-4	What do you make of his remarks ?	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
bull	N	3-5	He was a bull of a man .	What he said was mostly bull .
fall	V	4-2	The hills around here fall towards the ocean .	His voice fell to a whisper .
floor	N	8-5	We spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent .	The fire spared the forest floor .
throw	V	0-1	Throw a shoe .	She threw herself forwards .
spot	N	2-6	A bald spot .	The leopard is noted for the spots of color in its fur .
take	V	2-0	Can you take this bag , please .	Take the case of China .
vault	N	7-9	Family members had been buried in the vault for centuries .	The bank kept their money safe in a large vault .
focus	V	1-1	Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies .	We focused on what to do .
absence	N	4-0	He visited during my absence .	Absence makes the heart grow fonder .
credit	N	4-12	That engineer is a credit to the team .	If you do not come to class , you will not get credit for the class , regardless of how well you do on the final .
carry	V	1-2	I carry her image in my mind 's eye .	His voice carried a lot of anger .
make	V	3-1	She may not make the grade .	I make the height about 100 feet .
defense	N	4-1	He offered a persuasive defense of the theory .	The defense called for a mistrial .
catch	V	2-2	Did you catch a cold ?	If he catches you on the chin , you 'll be on the mat .
line	N	5-9	Please speak up , the line is very faint .	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .
line	N	5-12	I ca n't follow your line of reasoning .	The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text .
get	V	3-0	What did you get at the toy store ?	Get someone mad .
run	N	4-3	He can have the run of the house .	He has the run of the house .
cut	V	0-0	Cut class .	Cut a caper .
check	N	1-6	A check on its dependability under stress .	He paid all his bills by check .
sense	N	3-3	A keen musical sense .	In the best sense charity is really a duty .
say	V	4-1	What does the law say ?	She said ` Hello ' to everyone in the office .
school	N	2-8	Stay after school .	He did n't miss a single day of school .
turn	V	0-18	Turn a key .	The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .
beg	V	0-0	Beg money and food .	Beg the point in the discussion .
grace	N	4-8	There but for the grace of God go I .	I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .
thing	N	6-3	I could n't tell what the thing was .	She has a thing about him .
connect	V	3-2	This computer will connect well to the network .	These computers connected well together .
keep	V	3-1	I can not keep track of all my employees .	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .
beat	V	0-2	Beat one 's breast .	The eagle beat its wings and soared high into the sky .
hold	V	2-4	He can hold his liquor .	The auditorium ca n't hold more than 500 people .
piece	N	7-4	It is not known who created this piece .	She played two beautiful pieces on the piano .
make	V	0-0	Make a wall of stones .	Make a cake .
make	V	0-0	Make clay into bricks .	Make water into wine .
cut	V	2-0	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia .	Cut class .
mouth	N	4-5	He rode into the mouth of the canyon .	She wiped lipstick from her mouth .
fabric	N	1-5	The fabric of our lives .	It is part of the fabric of society .
stuff	V	0-4	Stuff a pillow with feathers .	My nose is all stuffed .
shape	V	0-0	Shape the dough .	Shape a figure .
feel	V	2-1	The sheets feel soft .	He felt the wind .
difficulty	N	1-6	Had difficulty walking .	Finished the test only with great difficulty .
head	N	1-6	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .	The office was full of secret heads .
make	V	3-2	This invention will make you a millionaire .	This wool makes into a nice sweater .
business	N	3-2	A racially integrated business concern .	We do business all over the world .
significance	N	1-1	The significance of a gesture .	The significance of his remark became clear only later .
try	V	2-0	I shall try my skills on this .	Try the yak butter .
licking	N	5-4	Our football team took a licking last night .	They suffered a convincing licking .
interest	N	5-4	He has a lot of interest in vintage cars .	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .
degree	N	4-3	Murder in the second degree .	He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude .
be	V	4-2	When will the meeting be ?	The woman is walking .
train	N	10-3	Unfortunately , the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride 's train as they were walking down the aisle .	The bride 's train was carried by her two young nephews .
make	V	0-0	Make a stir .	Make friends .
indication	N	1-0	An indication of foul play .	Indications of strain .
plan	N	5-2	They drew up a six-step plan .	They discussed plans for a new bond issue .
encounter	N	4-1	There was a brief encounter in the hallway .	Their encounter was a matter of chance .
keep	V	2-1	These potatoes keep for a long time .	She keeps an apartment in Paris for her shopping trips .
pull	V	0-7	Pull a sled .	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .
make	V	0-0	Make a wall of stones .	Make a dress .
leave	N	3-3	She was granted leave to speak .	Might I beg leave to accompany you ?
work	V	3-4	The soft metal works well .	He used pliers to work the wire into shape .
touch	N	5-9	This piano has a wonderful touch .	Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .
pick	V	0-0	Pick a fight or a quarrel .	Pick pockets .
represent	V	3-2	Ms. Smith will represent the defendant .	Our parents represented to us the need for more caution .
play	V	0-0	Play the casinos in Trouville .	Play the stock market .
point	N	4-6	She walked to a point where she could survey the whole street .	He held me up at the point of a gun .
litany	N	1-4	A litany of failures .	The patient recited a litany of complaints .
side	N	9-4	He turned the box over to examine the bottom side .	A cube has six sides .
empty	V	1-2	To empty a well or a cistern .	The cinema emptied quickly after the end of the film .
foulness	N	3-4	His display of foulness deserved severe punishment .	Mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed .
scene	N	3-12	The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .	The play is divided into three acts , and in total twenty-five scenes .
follow	V	1-1	Teenagers follow their friends in everything .	Carter followed Ford .
clear	V	0-0	Clear the leaves from the lawn .	Clear snow from the road .
voice	N	5-3	The Times is not the voice of New York .	Conservatism has many voices .
sing	V	4-2	I really want to sing in the school choir .	She was singing while she was cooking .
business	N	4-0	Show me where the business was today .	Business is good today .
look	V	2-2	My backyard look onto the pond .	The house looks north .
wallah	N	2-2	The book wallah .	A kitchen wallah .
break	V	0-1	Break a branch from a tree .	Twigs break off of those branches easily .
work	V	3-0	He could not work the math problem .	Work one 's way through the crowd .
turn	V	4-0	The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold .	Turn the heat down .
unit	N	6-8	The word is a basic linguistic unit .	He was a member of a special police unit .
assumption	N	1-2	Your assumption that I would agree was unwarranted .	On the assumption that he has been injured we can infer that he will not to play .
space	N	5-1	They stopped at an open space in the jungle .	The space between his teeth .
play	N	8-1	Insiders said the company 's stock was in play .	The play of light on the water .
piece	N	2-4	An important piece of the evidence .	He wrote an interesting piece on Iran .
break	V	0-6	Break cigarette smoking .	He slipped on the ice and broke his leg .
position	N	5-3	Moved from third to fifth position .	Stand in this position , with your arms at your side .
motion	N	2-3	The reflex motion of his eyebrows revealed his surprise .	He made a motion to adjourn .
development	N	4-5	They funded research and development .	He congratulated them on their development of a plan to meet the emergency .
take	V	3-3	You ca n't take credit for this !	He was often taken to be a man of means .
break	V	2-1	Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security .	They broke into my car and stole my radio !
call	N	12-4	He heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call .	She reported several anonymous calls .
shed	V	2-2	The bill shed 50 pages of pork-barrel addons .	Our dog sheds every Spring .
get	V	3-1	She did n't get the joke .	She got a bruise on her leg .
vaccinate	V	1-2	We vaccinate against scarlet fever .	The nurse vaccinated the children in the school .
turn	V	2-1	The Earth turns .	He turned traitor .
hold	V	0-2	Hold these truths to be self-evident .	I 'll hold you by your promise .
cut	V	0-4	Cut a ticket .	The employer wants to cut back health benefits .
beat	V	2-0	The boat beat in the strong wind .	Beat the subway fare .
point	N	5-3	Cut the skin with the point of the knife .	A row of points .
raise	V	0-0	Raise a shout .	Raise a sad cry .
relate	V	3-5	I can not relate these events at all .	I find it difficult to relate to others because i 'm extremely introverted .
year	N	2-5	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .	I was born in the year 1950 .
neighbour	N	1-1	My neighbour has an annoying cat .	My neighbour is very irritable and grumpy at times .
move	V	1-0	To move in a matter .	Move those boxes into the corner , please .
carry	V	2-2	Do you carry kerosene heaters ?	The loan carries a high interest rate .
reason	N	1-3	The reason a steady state was never reached was that the back pressure built up too slowly .	Mankind should develop reason above all other virtues .
line	N	2-2	A nice line of shoes .	Toe the line .
flare	N	3-5	He threw a flare to the fullback who was tackled for a loss .	Infection can cause a lupus flare .
call	V	0-0	Call a runner out .	Call a football game .
break	V	2-2	Can you break a hundred-dollar bill for me ?	The dam broke .
replace	V	3-1	We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago .	He replaced the old razor blade .
take	V	4-2	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	Can you take this bag , please .
think	V	0-0	Think thin .	Think big .
flatten	V	0-2	Flatten a road .	Mary would flatten the dough before rolling it into pretzels .
carry	V	2-2	These bonds carry warrants .	The loan carries a high interest rate .
break	V	3-3	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy .	Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?
carry	V	2-2	These pipes carry waste water into the river .	This paper carries a restaurant review .
trim	V	0-0	Trim lumber .	Trim an airplane .
check	V	0-0	Check the brakes .	Check the growth of communism in South East Asia .
structure	N	4-4	Artists must study the structure of the human body .	His lectures have no structure .
light	N	3-4	Can you shed light on this problem ?	He finally saw the light .
assume	V	2-1	The gods assume human or animal form in these fables .	She assumed indifference , even though she was seething with anger .
bed	N	2-1	The track bed had washed away .	Sea bed , river bed , lake bed .
clearance	N	4-3	The plane was given clearance to land .	The plane got clearance from air traffic control , and we were off .
mean	V	3-1	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .	I meant to take the car in for a smog check , but it slipped my mind .
acknowledge	V	2-4	* I acknowledge my transgressions . - Psalm 51:3 .	* For ends generally acknowledged to be good . - Thomas Macaulay .
spread	V	3-1	The missionaries quickly spread their new message across the country .	He spread fertilizer over the lawn .
life	N	1-2	The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .	Get a life .
bed	N	6-5	Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach .	He worked in the coal beds .
coast	N	2-6	The rocky coast of Maine has few beaches .	The children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope .
press	V	3-2	This guy can press 300 pounds .	She is pressing her opponent but will eventually lose .
approach	V	1-2	To approach the city .	We were approaching our destination .
order	N	4-4	It was on the order of a mile .	Men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today .
run	V	0-1	Run rogue .	She ran 10 miles that day .
seat	N	1-4	The seat of a saddle .	There were not enough seats for all the guests .
pay	V	2-1	It will pay to wait .	To pay attention .
dress	V	3-0	She likes to dress when going to the opera .	Dress the plants in the garden .
carry	V	1-2	I carry her image in my mind 's eye .	The senator carried his home state .
condition	N	2-2	A heart condition .	A skin condition .
take	V	0-0	Take steps .	Take the gun from your pocket .
take	V	0-0	Take a scene .	Take a test .
make	V	0-1	Make merry .	They made nice together , as if their fight never happened .
tell	V	3-2	I want to tell a story .	The father told a story to his child .
trouble	N	6-4	I went to a lot of trouble .	He won without any trouble .
lob	V	0-3	Lob the tennis ball .	The tennis player lobbed the ball , which was a costly mistake .
head	N	2-3	Under the head of minor Roman poets .	They shot 20 head of quail .
air	N	5-6	The program was on the air from 9 til midnight .	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .
action	N	3-6	A man of action .	The piano had a very stiff action .
place	N	5-5	If you were in my place what would you do ?	A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .
take	V	3-3	I used to take The Sunday Times .	The hard work took its toll on her .
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	It had been six days since his departure , when I received a letter from him .
connect	V	2-2	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	Our computers connected .
account	N	1-9	An account of a battle .	He asked to see the executive who handled his account .
line	N	2-5	Toe the line .	They attacked the enemy 's line .
take	V	2-0	Can you take me to the main entrance ?	Take a scene .
apparition	N	2-1	The sudden apparition of the Spaniards . – William H. Prescott .	The apparition of Lawyer Clippurse occasioned much speculation in that portion of the world . – Sir W. Scott .
come	V	2-1	The sleeves come to your knuckles .	He came from France .
sense	N	5-3	Fortunately she had the good sense to run away .	It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .
air	V	15-1	It 's getting quite stuffy in this room : let 's open the windows and air it .	She aired her opinions on welfare .
head	N	3-1	They shot 20 head of quail .	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .
mean	V	1-1	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .	I meant to take the car in for a smog check , but it slipped my mind .
form	N	7-9	He was at the top of his form .	To apply for the position , complete the application form .
oblige	V	3-2	We had to oblige him .	The singer obliged with another song .
smile	N	5-4	She 's got a perfect smile .	He has a sinister smile .
carry	V	4-4	I resent having to carry her all the time .	The painting of Mary carries motherly love .
work	V	0-2	Work your way through every problem or task .	She was working on her second martini when the guests arrived .
seat	N	5-1	He was elected to a seat in the Senate .	The seat of his pants was worn through .
work	V	4-3	This dough does not work easily .	He could not work the math problem .
take	V	0-2	Take a scene .	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?
drink	N	4-19	He jumped into the drink and had to be rescued .	If he does n't pay off the mafia , he 'll wear cement shoes to the bottom of the drink !
come	V	0-0	Come out of the closet !	Come with me to the Casbah .
touch	V	2-3	Do n't touch my CDs !	She did n't touch her food all night .
language	N	1-5	Sign language .	He did n't have the language to express his feelings .
reaction	N	12-2	When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .	A bad reaction to the medicine .
fix	N	3-4	We have a fix on your position .	He got a good fix on the target .
ensure	V	4-2	This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us .	The circumstances ensured a good outcome for him .
eat	V	3-3	I did n't eat yet , so I gladly accept your invitation .	We did not eat until 10 P.M. because there were so many phone calls .
operation	N	3-2	The plane 's operation in high winds .	A multinational operation .
cut	V	0-1	Cut a disk .	This cuts into my earnings .
shame	N	13-6	When I realized that I had hurt my friend , I felt deep shame .	The teenager could n't bear the shame of introducing his parents .
dip	N	5-2	I 'm going for a dip before breakfast .	This onion dip is just scrumptious .
keep	V	0-2	Keep food for a week in the pantry .	She never keeps her promises .
picture	N	2-4	The political picture is favorable .	The dictionary had many pictures .
day	N	0-5	Day and night .	The dawn turned night into day .
forefront	N	6-6	That laboratory researches topics at the forefront of technology .	The Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England .
business	N	5-3	He bought his brother 's business .	A small mom-and-pop business .
precede	V	2-1	Stone tools precede bronze tools .	Bill preceded John in the long line of Susan 's husbands .
cut	V	3-6	She could not cut the long days in the office .	The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead .
leave	V	3-6	She did n't leave until midnight .	At what time does your train leave ?
marriage	N	4-3	Pat and Leslie 's marriage to each other lasted forty years .	You should enter marriage for love .
passing	N	1-5	The passing of winter .	His future depended on his passing that test .
life	N	5-12	The oceans are teeming with life .	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .
unit	N	4-0	The centimetre is a unit of length .	Units of nucleic acids .
catch	V	2-2	Did you catch that allusion ?	If he catches you on the chin , you 'll be on the mat .
check	V	0-0	Check into the rumor .	Check the brakes .
transform	V	4-1	The alchemists sought to transform lead into gold .	She transformed the clay into a beautiful sculpture .
draw	V	0-1	Draw parallels .	He drew great benefits from his membership in the association .
take	V	0-2	Take vengeance .	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?
case	N	7-2	The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .	A door case .
check	V	8-0	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .	Check whether this page has a watermark .
break	V	0-0	Break a circuit .	Break a promise .
follow	V	3-0	These people still follow the laws of their ancient religion .	Follow the road .
go	V	4-5	How does this song go again ?	These ugly billboards have to go !
inactivation	N	2-1	The gene inactivation system .	Thermal inactivation of serum samples .
see	V	2-0	Let 's see -- which movie should we see tonight ?	See whether you can come tomorrow .
hold	V	2-0	She can hold an audience spellbound .	Hold your breath .
procession	N	4-0	The Lord Mayor 's procession .	Processions were forbidden .
head	N	1-6	The head of the page .	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .
break	V	0-2	Break into tears .	The blade broke her skin .
head	N	5-1	They say he gives good head .	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .
gather	V	1-1	I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match .	People gathered round as he began to tell his story .
work	V	7-2	This unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out .	The salesman works the Midwest .
read	V	2-4	The gauge read ` empty ' .	This dictionary can be read by the computer .
stone	N	6-2	He must have a heart of stone .	A peach stone .
platoon	N	2-0	The defensive platoon of the football team .	Platoons of tourists poured out of the busses .
want	V	1-2	I want to go home now .	This piano wants the attention of a competent tuner .
fall	V	1-2	Payments fall on the 1st of the month .	The onus fell on us .
turn	V	0-3	Turn the heat down .	This milk has turned ; it smells awful .
connect	V	3-4	This computer will connect well to the network .	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .
school	N	1-5	The school was built in 1932 .	Our children attend a public school in our neighborhood .
rub	V	0-1	Rub oil into her skin .	I rubbed the cloth over the glass .
make	V	0-0	Make an effort .	Make love , not war .
slot	N	7-6	The TV program has a new time slot .	He put a quarter in the slot .
analyze	V	0-2	Analyze the evidence in a criminal trial .	The inspector analyzed the building for its soundness .
load	N	5-6	I 'm worried that the load on that transformer will be too high .	The system broke down under excessive loads .
defensiveness	N	1-11	His defensiveness was manifested in hurt silence .	The fear of being sued for malpractice has magnified physicians ' defensiveness .
check	V	2-0	I will check up on the car tomorrow .	Check out the engine .
raise	V	0-0	Raise a smile .	Raise your hands .
cast	V	0-0	Cast a warm light .	Cast a vote .
case	N	2-7	The accusative case canonically indicates a direct object .	The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .
make	V	3-4	They hope to make a bigger profit .	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
tolerate	V	3-2	He learned to tolerate the heat .	I can tolerate working on Saturdays , but not on Sundays .
raise	V	0-2	Raise a siege .	The President raised several million dollars for his college .
sense	N	1-1	A sense of danger .	A sense of security .
cut	V	0-3	Cut grain .	The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .
state	N	4-2	In a weak financial state .	The current state of knowledge .
respect	N	2-3	Out of respect for his privacy .	She lost all respect for him .
return	N	1-1	In return we gave them as good as we got .	A return to one 's question .
carry	V	1-2	I carry these thoughts in the back of my head .	I will carry the secret to my grave .
take	V	4-1	This box wo n't take all the items .	She took a chill .
hold	V	0-2	Hold your breath .	What 's holding that mirror ?
waste	V	0-1	Waste heat .	We waste the dirty water by channeling it into the sewer .
folk	N	4-2	They 're just country folk .	Lots of folks like to travel during the holidays .
break	V	0-4	Break the cycle of poverty .	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .
sophisticate	V	1-0	To sophisticate wine . — Howell .	Sophisticate rose water with geraniol .
addition	N	1-4	The addition of cinnamon improved the flavor .	He was a new addition to the staff .
transform	V	4-2	The alchemists sought to transform lead into gold .	This experience transformed her completely .
time	N	3-3	See you another time .	He called four times .
opinion	N	9-1	Every man is a fool in some man 's opinion .	His opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page .
buy	V	5-1	I 'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore !	Carmen bought a dress for $ 50 .
run	V	5-2	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .	She always runs to Italy , because she has a lover there .
work	V	3-2	I can not work a miracle .	His fingers worked with tension .
stage	N	2-5	At what stage are the social sciences ?	The band returned to the stage to play an encore .
line	N	1-1	The line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed .	In line with .
variety	N	3-0	The range and variety of his work is amazing .	Varieties are frequently recognized in botany .
spot	N	9-2	For our anniversary we went back to the same spot where we first met .	A bald spot .
meaning	N	1-3	The meaning of life .	What is the meaning of this sentence .
give	V	0-1	Give an excuse .	She gave a pair of shoes to her husband for their anniversary .
scene	N	5-4	The crazy lady made a scene in the grocery store .	They saw an angry scene outside the pub .
cut	V	3-2	We had to cut short the conversation .	This bread cuts easily .
point	N	6-5	We should meet at a pre-arranged point .	They sailed south around the point .
hit	V	2-1	We were hit by really bad weather .	He hit .300 in the past season .
catch	V	2-3	Did you catch a cold ?	I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock .
narrowness	N	7-3	The problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students .	Frustrated by the narrowness of people 's horizons .
take	V	1-3	I take it you 're not going ?	How should I take this message ?
draw	V	0-0	Draw steel .	Draw a line .
turn	V	0-0	Turn the earth in the Spring .	Turn the heat down .
break	V	0-3	Break cigarette smoking .	His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage .
pay	V	2-1	It will pay to wait .	It pays to go through the trouble .
run	V	6-2	If you see this man , run !	These dresses run small .
get	V	4-0	The operator could n't get Kobe because of the earthquake .	Get permission to take a few days off from work .
camp	V	4-1	The houseguests had to camp in the living room .	We camped there .
hold	V	1-2	I hold with those who say life is sacred .	The bridge held .
fit	N	1-3	A fit of coughing .	She had a fit and had thrown all of his clothes out of the window .
hoop	V	0-1	Hoop vats .	To hoop a barrel or puncheon .
bum	N	4-4	That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo-yo .	Fred is becoming a bum - he 's not even bothering to work more than once a month .
perversion	N	0-6	Perversion also shows up in kinky telephone cords .	The tendrils of the plant exhibited perversion .
turn	V	4-0	The strong man could turn an iron bar .	Turn the earth in the Spring .
run	V	5-3	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .	Let the dogs run free .
beat	V	1-1	We beat the competition .	Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship .
line	N	4-4	They were arrayed in line of battle .	The cast stood in line for the curtain call .
drop	V	0-1	Drop him from the Republican ticket .	She dropped into army jargon .
trick	N	3-14	He played a trick on me .	As the businessman rounded the corner , she thought , " Here comes another trick . " .
mother	N	4-3	The lioness was a mother of four cubs .	Necessity is the mother of invention .
grow	V	5-4	In these forests , mushrooms grow under the trees .	Her hair does n't grow much anymore .
burn	V	1-2	To burn the mouth with pepper .	The iron burnt a hole in my dress .
class	N	15-1	Apologizing for losing your temper , even though you were badly provoked , showed real class .	The class of ' 97 .
keep	V	0-0	Keep notes .	Keep open the possibility of a merger .
way	N	7-4	They did n't have much in the way of clothing .	They are on the way .
costume	N	6-3	He won the prize for best costume .	We wore gorilla costumes to the party .
flight	N	1-0	The flight of a refugee .	Flights of imagination .
put	V	0-2	Put your ideas in writing .	That song put me in awful good humor .
run	V	0-2	Run amok .	He is running the Marathon this year .
extend	V	2-1	The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets .	She extended her visit by another day .
newspaper	N	3-3	He read his newspaper at breakfast .	Murdoch owns many newspapers .
draw	V	0-1	Draw a wagon .	She drew $ 2,000 from the account .
flood	V	0-2	Flood the market with tennis shoes .	The images flooded his mind .
orbit	N	5-3	He 's out of my orbit .	In the political orbit of a world power .
flatten	V	14-0	As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .	Flatten a road .
spring	N	8-0	The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring .	Spring is the time of the year most species reproduce .
connection	N	1-4	The connection between church and state is inescapable .	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .
develop	V	1-1	Please develop this roll of film for me .	Please develop this roll of film .
chain	N	1-6	A chain of mountains .	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .
grow	V	3-4	That acorn will grow into an oak tree .	An oak tree will grow from that acorn .
admit	V	3-1	We can not admit non-members into our club building .	She admitted us here .
way	N	4-3	If I had my way .	That 's the way it is .
strike	V	0-2	Strike fire from the flintstone .	The boxer struck the attacker dead .
top	N	3-7	I bought this top as it matches my jeans .	A relief pitcher took over in the top of the fifth .
go	V	0-2	Go about the world in a certain manner .	Messages must go through diplomatic channels .
focus	V	12-1	If you 're going to beat your competitors , you need to focus .	We focused on what he wanted .
break	V	4-5	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .	When news of their divorce broke , ...
range	V	2-7	My students range from very bright to dull .	Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $ 2 billion .
see	V	1-6	I see that you have been promoted .	Did you know that she is seeing an older man ?
love	N	4-3	So that 's fifteen love to Kournikova .	It was 40 love .
break	V	0-6	Break an alibi .	He slipped on the ice and broke his leg .
arrangement	N	1-2	The arrangement of the furniture .	A flower arrangement .
strike	V	0-2	Strike a medal .	The boxer struck the attacker dead .
pocket	N	5-8	The trapped miners found a pocket of air .	The battle was won except for cleaning up pockets of resistance .
flight	N	1-6	The flight to Paris leaves at 7 o'clock tonight .	Where is the departure gate for flight 747 ? / Go straight down and to the right .
job	N	8-4	Estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars .	I 've got a job for you - could you wash the dishes ?
thought	N	2-1	19th century thought .	Darwinian thought .
block	V	0-0	Block a plate for printing .	Block the wheels of a car .
drive	V	1-2	We drive the turnpike to work .	The amplifier drives the tube .
now	N	6-0	There is no better time than now .	Now is the right time .
truck	V	0-1	Truck fresh vegetables across the mountains .	Amanda trucked the package to her mother 's house from Philadelphia .
run	V	2-4	Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent .	Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice .
hollow	N	7-1	He built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Appalachians .	The hollow of the hand or of a tree .
academy	N	2-2	The military academy at West Point .	The American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
foot	N	1-1	The foot of the page .	The foot of the list .
run	N	2-0	His daily run keeps him fit .	Running is good exercise .
see	V	2-1	Can you see the bird in that tree ?	I saw their laughing and joking .
care	V	3-1	I do n't care .	We cared about the opera .
sense	N	3-5	It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .	He has n't got the sense God gave little green apples .
pass	V	0-3	Pass along the good news .	A black limousine passed by when she looked out the window .
cut	V	2-0	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face .	Cut trenches .
play	V	0-1	Play football .	We played hockey all afternoon .
kill	V	0-2	Kill a motion .	The farmer killed a pig for the holidays .
side	N	5-6	It brought out his better side .	They always sat on the right side of the church .
drop	V	0-3	Drop a hint .	Shop til you drop .
get	V	3-2	What do you get when you add up these numbers ?	Let 's get down to work now .
start	V	1-2	I start at eight in the morning .	The rain started at 9:00 .
stretch	V	2-0	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .	Stretch your legs !
presence	N	3-4	He sensed the presence of danger .	He tested for the presence of radon .
pass	N	7-5	The plane turned to make a second pass .	The media representatives had special passes .
carry	V	2-3	These bonds carry warrants .	All major networks carried the press conference .
cut	V	0-1	Cut the engine .	She cut all of her major titles again .
keep	V	1-8	I keep a small stock of painkillers for emergencies .	There 's little to earn and many to keep .
call	V	0-1	Call a football game .	Bluejays called to one another .
make	V	2-2	She 'll make a fine president .	He will make a splendid father !
end	N	5-1	He came to a bad end .	The end of the pier .
doctrine	N	5-7	The incarnation is a basic doctrine of classical Christianity .	The four noble truths summarise the main doctrines of Buddhism .
work	V	0-2	Work the metal .	The salesman works the Midwest .
hit	V	2-1	The thermometer hit 100 degrees .	I hit the jackpot .
wash	V	9-2	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .	Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?
see	V	2-7	Can you see the bird in that tree ?	He is blind -- he can not see .
business	N	3-3	A small mom-and-pop business .	A racially integrated business concern .
one	N	4-4	He is the best one .	Driver , noun : one who drives .
receptiveness	N	1-6	This receptiveness is the key feature in oestral behavior , enabling natural mating to occur .	He was testing the government 's receptiveness to reform .
whet	V	0-1	Whet my appetite .	To whet one 's appetite or one 's courage .
bear	V	0-3	Bear a resemblance .	The unidentified plant bore gorgeous flowers .
draw	V	0-7	Draw pulp from the fruit .	They saw that the night was quickly drawing in , so they pitched their tent .
find	V	1-1	I find him to be obnoxious .	I found the movie rather entertaining .
come	V	2-2	He 's come a long way .	The shoes came untied .
work	V	4-3	This dough does not work easily .	The soft metal works well .
connection	N	3-4	There was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare .	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .
stuff	N	5-3	The trunk was full of stuff .	Wheat is the stuff they use to make bread .
face	N	2-7	An angry face .	He looked out at a roomful of faces .
carry	V	2-4	I will carry the secret to my grave .	The painting of Mary carries motherly love .
commercialization	N	7-4	Both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products .	My father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege .
push	V	2-7	` Now push hard , ' said the doctor to the woman .	The guy hanging around the school is pushing drugs .
face	N	4-6	They climbed the north face of the mountain .	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .
formula	N	5-10	He gave us a general formula for attacking polynomials .	X = \frac -b \pm \sqrtb^2 - 4ac2a is a formula for finding the roots of the quadratic equation ax2 + bx + c = 0 .
end	N	3-1	She knotted the end of the thread .	The ends justify the means .
tell	V	2-1	Can you tell whether those flowers are real or silk , from this distance ?	Ellen told a story to Helen .
stand	V	0-1	Stand the test of time .	There stood on the corner a statue .
be	V	4-1	When will the meeting be ?	It is almost eight .
charge	N	5-4	He was arrested on a charge of larceny .	The child was a charge of the nanny .
raise	V	0-0	Raise a mutiny .	Raise a family .
see	V	3-3	How nice to see you again !	I 'll probably see you at the meeting .
run	N	5-5	The play had a long run on Broadway .	The team enjoyed a brief run of victories .
cut	V	8-0	We had to lose weight , so we cut the sugar from our diet .	Cut from one scene to another .
break	V	0-1	Break a circuit .	Who broke into my account last night ?
inventory	N	1-3	An inventory may be necessary to see if anything is missing .	They held an inventory every month .
hold	V	0-5	Hold these truths to be self-evident .	About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade .
head	N	6-1	This song keeps going through my head .	The head of the whole operation .
authority	N	4-3	The world 's foremost authority on orangutans .	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .
cut	V	2-1	The coach cut two players from the team .	Wayne cut .
have	V	3-1	What do we have here ?	He had an insulin shock after eating three candy bars .
hunger	N	0-3	Hunger for affection .	I have a hunger to win .
receive	V	0-3	Receive the incoming radio signals .	The community warmly received the refugees .
size	N	11-3	I do n't think we have the red one in your size .	He wears a size 13 shoe .
discover	V	10-1	The story is false , so far as I can discover .	I discovered the fleece .
catch	V	0-1	Catch one 's breath .	I caught the hem of my dress in the brambles .
send	V	1-7	To send a message , or a letter .	Every day at two o'clock , he sends his secretary out to buy him a coffee .
normalize	V	0-0	Normalize relations with China .	Normalize the temperature .
buildup	N	2-1	A military buildup in preparation for the invasion .	The buildup of leaves blocked the drain pipes .
range	N	6-7	We hiked through the Andes mountain range .	The plains lay just beyond the mountain range .
vermin	N	7-3	He examined the child 's head for vermin .	Bring these gypsy vermin to the Palace of Justice .
work	V	4-5	She knows how to work the system .	This old radio does n't work anymore .
work	V	4-3	This dough does not work easily .	My wife never worked .
have	V	1-1	I have two years left .	He had an insulin shock after eating three candy bars .
hit	V	3-2	An interesting idea hit her .	The ball hit the fence .
check	V	2-8	I will check up on the car tomorrow .	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .
strike	V	0-2	Strike ` z ' on the keyboard .	Her comments struck a sour note .
trend	N	1-2	The trend of the stock market .	The upward trend of stock-market prices .
libido	N	3-19	For Freudians , libido means the desire to " unite and bind " with objects in the world .	The ego as an organ which seeks to synthesize thoughts in the psyche is said to be driven by libido or eros .
break	V	8-6	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !	This play will either make or break the playwright .
metric	N	5-6	Convert all the measurements to metric units .	It is easier to work in metric .
stuff	N	5-4	The trunk was full of stuff .	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?
pull	V	0-0	Pull the string gently .	Pull the rope .
know	V	3-1	She does n't know this composer .	We know this movie .
use	V	0-1	Use your head !	I used to get things done .
anchorage	N	5-4	The plant needs a firm anchorage .	The mother provides emotional anchorage for the entire family .
run	V	0-0	Run rogue .	Run to the store !
neighbour	N	1-3	My neighbour has an annoying cat .	They ′re our neighbours across the street .
block	V	0-2	Block the book cover .	His brother blocked him at every turn .
get	V	3-1	What do you get when you add up these numbers ?	I got a computer from my parents for my birthday .
way	N	4-2	If I had my way .	Come this way and I 'll show you a shortcut .
transplant	N	4-6	He had a kidney transplant .	A child had a multiple organ transplant two months ago .
strike	V	0-4	Strike a balance .	The auto workers are striking for higher wages .
score	N	3-1	He studied the score of the sonata .	A score were sent out but only one returned .
remain	V	12-1	There was no food in the house , so I had to remain hungry .	There remains the question of who pulled the trigger .
work	V	3-5	I can not work a miracle .	The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times .
imbalance	N	2-2	A hormonal imbalance .	The growing imbalances between the rich and poor first lead to more crime .
space	N	5-8	They stopped at an open space in the jungle .	They tested his ability to locate objects in space .
tea	N	7-0	Go to the supermarket and buy some tea .	Tea has fragrant white flowers .
lead	N	5-3	They did n't follow our lead .	He takes the lead in any group .
breath	N	6-2	He was fighting to his last breath .	Not a breath of scandal ever touched her .
efface	V	0-0	Efface the memory of the time in the camps .	Efface oneself .
flatten	V	14-0	As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .	Flatten your stomach with these exercises .
check	V	0-0	Check the brakes .	Check whether this page has a watermark .
face	N	4-9	She has a pretty face .	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news .
wash	V	3-2	He managed to wash out the stains .	Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?
top	V	10-3	I do n't want to be bald , so just top my hair .	The towers were topped with conical roofs .
reaction	N	4-2	There was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water .	In this reaction , the acid and base will neutralize each other , producing a salt .
cost	N	2-1	The average cost of a new house is twice as much as t was 20 years ago .	The cost in human life was enormous .
ulteriority	N	6-5	His stories were too susceptible to ulteriority .	Their conversation was limited to ulteriorities .
conflict	N	1-1	His conflict of interest made him ineligible for the post .	A conflict of loyalties .
reaction	N	2-8	A bad reaction to the medicine .	The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .
match	V	4-2	His interests did n't match her interests .	Let them match their best athletes against ours .
throw	V	2-0	Have , throw , or make a party .	Throw a shoe .
keep	V	2-0	These potatoes keep for a long time .	Keep the commandments .
floor	N	2-5	The whole floor complained about the lack of heat .	The room has a wooden floor .
work	N	7-3	A lot of people are out of work .	He arrived at work early today .
block	V	0-0	Block a nerve .	Block the wheels of a car .
play	V	0-2	Play water from a hose .	The fountains played all day .
look	N	6-5	He went out to have a look .	He gave it a good looking at .
appearance	N	5-5	The rookie made a brief appearance in the first period .	It was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America .
remember	V	0-0	Remember me in your prayers .	Remember to call your mother every day !
stand	V	3-6	Where do you stand on the War ?	Christian charity , or love , stands first in the rank of gifts .
school	N	2-1	The whole school turned out for the game .	The school keeps parents informed .
make	V	1-1	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	They made nice together , as if their fight never happened .
energy	N	0-5	Energy can take a wide variety of forms .	Europeans often laugh at American energy .
work	V	5-5	Start from the bottom and work towards the top .	The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times .
communication	N	4-11	How many lines of communication can there be among four people ?	A round archway at the far end of the hallway provided communication to the main chamber .
land	N	5-2	He built the house on land leased from the city .	An industrialized land .
feeling	N	3-5	She had a feeling of euphoria .	The house gave me a feeling of dread .
liver	N	20-5	You could fry up some chicken livers for a tasty treat . — Nah , I do n't like chicken liver .	I 'd like some goose liver pate .
fall	V	4-2	The hills around here fall towards the ocean .	Her weight fell to under a hundred pounds .
mean	V	5-1	You never understand what I mean !	Happiness means everything .
charge	V	5-1	Will you pay cash or charge the purchase ?	He charged his weapon at me .
be	V	2-5	I shall be writing to you soon .	I would drive you , were I to obtain a car .
action	N	2-2	A rifle action .	The Union action of emancipating Southern slaves .
interpreter	N	5-11	His paintings reveal a sensitive interpreter of nature .	Programs written in the BASIC language are usually run through an interpreter , though some can be compiled .
line	N	4-4	There is a narrow line between sanity and insanity .	He got out of line .
bed	N	6-1	Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach .	River bed .
identity	N	5-7	Geneticists only recently discovered the identity of the gene that causes it .	It was too dark to determine his identity .
head	N	1-3	The head of the stairs .	She gave great head .
vehicle	N	4-5	A congregation is a vehicle of group identity .	The play was just a vehicle to display her talents .
cut	V	3-0	The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .	Cut a ticket .
beer	N	2-0	I love beer but I know it is bad for you .	Beer is brewed all over the world .
puncture	V	0-2	Puncture a tire .	The tire punctured .
art	N	1-3	The art of conversation .	How great thou art !
play	V	4-2	This speech did n't play well with the American public .	His remarks played to the suspicions of the committee .
coverage	N	11-3	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones .	The dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent .
break	V	1-0	Twigs break off of those branches easily .	Break a promise .
do	V	3-0	What makes her do this way ?	Do my room in blue .
check	N	6-2	He paid all his bills by check .	Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer .
board	V	4-4	It is time to board the aircraft .	The old lady is boarding three men .
drive	V	0-2	Drive the forest .	She is driving away at her doctoral thesis .
end	N	6-8	We have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus .	The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end .
feel	V	3-1	You make me feel naked .	She felt small and insignificant .
take	V	2-1	I 'll take a pound of that sausage .	She took up her position behind the tree .
practice	N	6-5	A hard theory to put into practice .	It is not the local practice to wear shorts to dinner .
catch	V	0-2	Catch one 's breath .	The fire caught .
bear	V	3-1	I can not bear his constant criticism .	He bore himself with dignity .
kill	V	1-2	Cigarettes kill .	Drunken driving kills .
sow	V	2-3	As you sow , so shall you reap .	When I had sown the field , the day 's work was over .
step	N	5-4	He paused on the bottom step .	He walked with unsteady steps .
cut	V	0-0	Cut recording tape .	Cut from one scene to another .
post	N	3-1	He occupied a post in the treasury .	Parcel post .
patch	N	6-3	The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .	Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?
end	N	5-1	He came to a bad end .	One end of the box was marked ` This side up ' .
fit	N	1-3	A fit of coughing .	I admired the fit of her coat .
keep	V	8-2	There 's little to earn and many to keep .	His snoring kept me from falling asleep .
hold	V	1-2	I hold with those who say life is sacred .	She can hold an audience spellbound .
do	V	0-3	Do nothing .	Will $ 100 do ?
pay	V	0-0	Pay attention to .	Pay an obligation .
air	N	6-6	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .	A smell of chemicals in the air .
case	N	14-2	For English , a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases , the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters .	A typical case was the suburban housewife described by a marriage counselor .
draw	V	0-4	Draw a conclusion .	He spent the day drawing in the garden .
term	N	2-5	The general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree .	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .
period	N	3-2	Picasso 's blue period .	A time period of 30 years .
reek	V	1-1	You reek of perfume .	Marshes reeking in the sun .
spend	V	1-1	I spend my pocket money in two days .	I spent the time worrying about the future .
rest	N	4-5	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .	The ocean was finally at rest .
pull	V	0-0	Pull the oars .	Pull the ball .
keep	V	0-0	Keep your cool .	Keep your temper .
blow	V	5-16	Certain insects are said to blow .	There 's nothing more thrilling to the whale watcher than to see a whale surface and blow .
reason	N	3-7	Mankind should develop reason above all other virtues .	If you do n't give me a reason to go with you , I wo n't .
impression	N	5-3	The events left a permanent impression in his mind .	He left the impression of his fingers in the soft mud .
make	V	0-0	Make a decision .	Make advances .
lot	N	1-3	A lot of money .	He bought a lot on the lake .
dwelling	N	4-3	He built a modest dwelling near the pond .	I was doing dwelling in the cave .
block	N	9-5	The store is huge , occupying an entire city block .	He lives in the next block .
raise	V	6-0	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .	Raise a family .
work	N	0-3	Work equals force times distance .	He arrived at work early today .
carry	V	2-1	These bonds carry warrants .	We carry a very large mortgage .
application	N	1-1	The application of indexes to tables of data .	The application of maximum thrust .
number	N	1-5	A number 13 shoe .	This sweater is an all-wool number .
work	V	3-5	The soft metal works well .	Start from the bottom and work towards the top .
advance	N	1-3	An advance in health or knowledge .	She rejected his advances .
fire	V	2-1	Do n't fire until you see the whites of their eyes .	Oil fires the furnace .
line	N	1-6	The line stretched clear around the corner .	You must wait in a long line at the checkout counter .
connect	V	3-2	The two streets connect to become a highway .	My computer connected to his computer .
ride	V	2-1	Shorts that ride up .	Ship rides at anchor .
hit	V	1-1	He hit her hard in the face .	He hit a home run .
head	N	1-7	A head of lettuce .	I 've got to go to the head .
cover	N	5-3	There 's a $ 15 cover tonight .	They made a cover of a Beatles ' song .
check	V	8-0	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .	Check the brakes .
carnival	N	11-2	We all got to ride the merry-go-round when the brought their carnival to town .	When the carnival came to town , every one wanted some cotton candy .
break	V	0-1	Break a record .	Voices broke in the air .
air	N	4-6	I need some fresh air .	A smell of chemicals in the air .
break	V	0-9	Break cigarette smoking .	On the hottest day of the year the refrigerator broke .
behalf	N	2-4	In your behalf .	Campaigning in his own behalf .
piece	N	4-4	He designed a new piece of equipment .	She bought a lovely piece of china .
process	N	16-3	This product of last month 's quality standards committee is quite good , even though the process was flawed .	Events now in process .
leave	N	3-4	She was granted leave to speak .	The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .
keep	V	9-0	The family 's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff .	Keep count .
tread	V	8-0	For fools rush in where angels fear to tread .	Tread grapes to make wine .
year	N	2-5	In the year 1920 .	I was born in the year 1950 .
credit	N	9-3	He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .	He was given credit for his work .
support	V	1-2	I support France in the World Cup .	The evidence supports the defendant .
time	N	0-1	Time stops for nobody .	These times were erroneously converted between zones .
time	N	4-7	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !
stopover	N	3-3	They made a stopover to visit their friends .	There is a stopover to change planes in Chicago .
break	V	2-2	Let 's break for lunch .	A man broken by the terrible experience of near-death .
side	N	7-4	The patient was bleeding on the right side .	Look on the bright side .
voice	N	5-1	The Times is not the voice of New York .	The voice of the law .
element	N	4-2	A component or constituent element of a system .	In your element .
day	N	3-2	He deserves his day in court .	In the days of sailing ships .
believe	V	2-3	Should we believe a publication like the National Enquirer ?	You can not believe this man .
well	V	1-2	Tears well in her eyes .	The currents well up .
time	N	7-3	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !	That 's three times he 's made the same mistake .
beat	V	0-1	Beat the egg whites .	Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship .
life	N	5-9	He hoped for a new life in Australia .	He could no longer cope with the complexities of life .
play	V	2-0	Can you play on this old recorder ?	Play fair .
play	V	0-0	Play football .	Play with her feelings .
use	N	4-5	He warned against the use of narcotic drugs .	Ballet is beautiful but what use is it ?
break	V	0-2	Break an alibi .	The dam broke .
normalize	V	0-9	Normalize relations with China .	There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations ; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms .
save	V	2-2	I 'll save you the trouble .	This will save you a lot of time .
baby	N	6-3	The annual report has been my baby since September .	When is your baby due ?
capture	V	0-1	Capture the essence of Spring .	She captured all the men 's hearts .
collector	N	4-8	He is an avid collector of nineteenth-century postage stamps .	That old piano is just a big dust collector .
drive	V	0-1	Drive the game .	He drives a bread truck .
unit	N	2-4	Change per unit volume .	The centimetre is a unit of length .
job	N	5-4	The barber did a real job on my hair .	Dry rot did the job of destroying the barn .
fire	V	0-1	Fire a bullet .	Surrender fires the cold skepticism .
flick	V	0-2	Flick a piece of paper across the table .	The lights flicked on and off .
coverage	N	3-3	The dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent .	There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .
session	N	2-2	A filming session .	A training session .
reach	V	2-2	Our advertisements reach millions .	The sunlight reached the wall .
pull	N	1-5	The pull of the current .	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet .
go	V	4-6	How did your interview go ?	How fast does your new car go ?
stay	V	1-2	To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler .	The judge stayed the execution order .
play	V	0-1	Play water from a hose .	Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches .
beat	V	0-0	Beat the subway fare .	Beat the table with his shoe .
lead	N	9-3	We were just waiting for someone to take the lead .	He takes the lead in any group .
moon	N	5-5	Men first stepped on the moon in 1969 .	The average distance to the Moon is 384,400 kilometers .
conclusion	N	1-1	His conclusion took the evidence into account .	In conclusion I want to say ...
start	V	1-0	To start a rumour .	Start a new job .
case	N	7-2	The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .	A window case .
detail	N	5-1	The essay contained too much detail .	A detail was sent to remove the fallen trees .
call	N	6-6	He was ejected for protesting the call .	After two raises there was a call .
sense	N	1-1	A sense of self .	A sense of happiness .
make	V	6-1	You have to spend money to make money !	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
authority	N	3-3	He is an authority on corporate law .	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .
engagement	N	5-8	We are enjoying a long engagement , but have n't yet set a date .	The teacher tried to increase his students ' engagement in class activities .
work	V	5-4	Start from the bottom and work towards the top .	This dough does not work easily .
opening	N	3-6	There is an opening in the sales department .	A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .
seize	V	4-1	Birds of prey often seize small mammals .	To seize smuggled goods .
order	N	4-4	The house is in order .	Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales .
fatigue	N	1-13	Political fatigue .	After watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue .
text	N	6-5	He wants to reconstruct the original text .	They handed out the printed text of the mayor 's speech .
cut	V	2-0	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face .	Cut a movie scene .
howl	N	3-0	He gave a howl of pain .	Howls of laughter .
contraction	N	6-5	` wo n't ' is a contraction of ` will not ' .	` o'clock ' is a contraction of ` of the clock ' .
pay	V	0-0	Pay a visit .	Pay a call .
play	V	0-0	Play the stock market .	Play with her feelings .
play	N	3-4	They gave full play to the artist 's talent .	We saw a two-act play in the theatre .
execute	V	2-0	I 'll execute your orders as soon as this meeting is adjourned .	Execute the decision of the people .
lifesaving	N	7-5	I 'm normally a big fan of lifesaving , but in his case we can make an exception .	He took a course in lifesaving .
cut	N	2-4	The unkindest cut of all .	The mayor proposed extensive cuts in the city budget .
see	V	2-2	I can see what will happen .	I can see a risk in this strategy .
know	V	1-6	I know that the President lied to the people .	It is vital that he not know .
blaze	V	0-1	Blaze a trail .	Meteors blazed across the atmosphere .
didacticism	N	1-1	The didacticism of the 19th century gave birth to many great museums .	The didacticism expected in books for the young .
give	V	0-0	Give a yelp .	Give a gulp .
turn	V	0-3	Turn the earth in the Spring .	The cream has turned -- we have to throw it out .
implication	N	4-9	He was suspected of implication in several robberies .	The expectation was spread both by word and by implication .
shake	V	0-2	Shake one 's head .	He was shaken from his dreams .
stay	V	1-9	To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler .	After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full-time .
recognition	N	4-1	The law was a recognition of their civil rights .	The recognition of the Rio Grande as a boundary between Mexico and the United States .
take	V	2-0	I 'll take the blue plates .	Take any one of these cards .
lift	V	2-0	You never lift a finger to help me !	Lift a load .
charge	N	5-2	He was arrested on a charge of larceny .	The admission charge .
play	V	0-1	Play the stock market .	They played games on their opponents .
play	V	3-7	Charlie likes to play Mary .	The engine has a wheel that is playing in a rack .
stress	N	11-3	He presided over the economy during the period of the greatest stress and danger"- R.J.Samuelson .	She endured the stresses and strains of life .
memorability	N	1-6	True memorability of phrase .	Continuous change results in lack of memorability .
convention	N	1-5	Political convention .	The EU installed an inter-institutional Convention to draft a European constitution .
window	N	3-1	They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded .	Launch window .
night	N	5-4	How do you sleep at night when you attack your kids like that ! ?	It vanished into the night .
series	N	2-6	A comedy series .	His coin collection included the complete series of Indian-head pennies .
come	V	3-1	She could not come because she was too upset .	He came after a few minutes .
replace	V	3-1	We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago .	Mary replaced Susan as the team 's captain and the highest-ranked player in the school .
break	V	7-2	Is it your or my turn to break ?	Things began breaking bad for him when his parents died .
travel	N	7-0	He enjoyed selling but he hated the travel .	Travel to Spain .
cut	V	0-2	Cut a hole .	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face .
hang	V	0-0	Hang a door .	Hang the venison for a few days .
leave	N	3-3	She was granted leave to speak .	He took his leave .
bear	V	0-0	Bear a resemblance .	Bear a signature .
degree	N	3-3	He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude .	There are 360 degrees in a circle .
connection	N	1-3	The connection between overeating and obesity .	There was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare .
militate	V	1-1	To militate against the possibility of his election .	Politeness militated against this opinion being expressed .
language	N	1-3	The language introduced is standard throughout the text .	He taught foreign languages .
wildness	N	7-3	Liza had always had a tendency to wildness .	The element of wildness in his behavior was a protest against repressive convention .
escape	N	5-4	They tried to stop the escape of gas from the damaged pipe .	The prisoners made their escape by digging a tunnel .
academy	N	1-0	The Academy of Music .	Academies of literature and philology .
know	V	1-1	I know Latin .	Adam knew Eve .
lady	N	1-11	A lady doctor .	A chauffeur opened the door of the limousine for the grand lady .
night	N	3-5	From noon till night .	They worked from morning to night .
carry	V	7-2	He had drunk more than he could carry .	The troops carried the town after a brief fight .
suck	V	0-1	Suck the poison from the place where the snake bit .	This sucks !
book	N	3-5	He bought a book of stamps .	They run things by the book around here .
couple	V	4-2	Now the conductor will couple the train cars .	I 've coupled our system to theirs .
back	V	1-0	I back you all the way .	Back this enterprise .
vegetate	V	8-2	After a hard day 's work , I vegetate in front of the television .	The fields vegetate vigorously .
hit	V	2-3	One boy hit the other .	I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts .
run	V	2-3	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .	The dogs are running deer .
run	V	0-4	Run an errand .	Who are these people running around in the building ?
block	N	9-4	The store is huge , occupying an entire city block .	He reserved a large block of seats .
play	V	0-1	Play with her feelings .	She plays on her clients ' emotions .
know	V	1-1	I know it 's time .	He knows about 19th century politics .
define	V	1-0	I define myself as a techno-anarchist .	Define ` sadness ' .
understand	V	1-1	I understand wanting more .	I understand how to do it .
gravitation	N	0-0	Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love "-- Albert Einstein .	Gravitation är svagare än elektromagnetismen , men påverkar all materia och energi .
carry	V	2-1	These bonds carry warrants .	Sound carries well over water .
pay	V	0-2	Pay a call .	You 'll pay for this !
run	V	6-2	My computer is too old to run the new OS .	I will run the sample .
snap	V	1-2	To snap a whip .	The pipe snapped .
work	V	0-4	Work the raisins into the dough .	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?
arousal	N	3-6	The mechanism for arousal from sleep .	The animal undergoes regular spells of arousal .
space	N	8-1	They tested his ability to locate objects in space .	The spaces are the notes F-A-C-E .
operation	N	2-3	A multinational operation .	A large-scale farming operation .
make	V	2-2	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	We barely made it to the finish line .
check	N	6-10	He paid all his bills by check .	I was not carrying cash , so I wrote a check for the amount .
appointment	N	11-3	I 'm leaving work early because I have a doctor 's appointment .	They made an appointment to meet at six .
floor	N	5-5	The fire spared the forest floor .	The room has a wooden floor .
lap	N	1-3	The lap of the shingles should be at least ten inches .	The dog 's laps were warm and wet .
give	V	0-4	Give the orders .	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .
grow	V	4-3	Her hair does n't grow much anymore .	Corn does n't grow here .
beat	V	0-2	Beat one 's breast .	This sure beats work !
company	N	2-3	A hook-and-ladder company .	It took six companies to put out the fire .
draw	V	0-0	Draw a weapon .	Draw a wagon .
raise	V	6-5	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .	A few important questions were raised after the attack .
come	V	2-2	He 's come a long way .	Which letter comes before Y ?
head	N	1-6	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .
stay	V	1-3	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .	I can only stay for an hour .
cup	N	1-8	The cup of her bra .	He wore a jock strap with a metal cup .
life	N	1-1	Social life .	City life .
thing	N	3-3	She has a thing about him .	He has a thing about seafood .
head	N	1-6	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40 .
breath	N	6-4	He was fighting to his last breath .	He took a deep breath and dived into the pool .
keep	V	2-2	Can I keep my old stuffed animals ?	She never keeps her promises .
hyponym	N	3-3	Dog is a hyponym of animal .	British is a hyponym of European .
post	N	7-2	If you hurry you 'll catch the post .	This military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby .
touch	N	9-5	Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .	This dish could use a touch of garlic .
fall	V	0-4	Fall by the wayside .	We must stand or fall .
head	N	5-5	The beer had a large head of foam .	Admission is three dollars a head .
scrap	N	4-5	There was not a scrap left .	She jotted it on a scrap of paper .
stand	N	4-4	They took a firm stand against copyright infringement .	They cut down a stand of trees .
block	V	0-5	Block an attack .	The offensive linemen tried to block the blitz .
take	V	0-0	Take action .	Take vengeance .
head	N	1-3	The head of a comet .	She gave great head .
faith	N	3-5	He cherished the faith of a good woman .	A member of his own faith contradicted him .
declare	V	0-0	Declare dividends .	Declare bankruptcy .
work	V	4-2	He used pliers to work the wire into shape .	The salesman works the Midwest .
job	N	4-8	It is always a job to contact him .	Estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars .
bestow	V	0-2	Bestow an honor on someone .	Medals were bestowed on the winning team .
drag	N	3-3	He took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly .	He performed in drag .
grater	N	10-2	I 'm making coleslaw ; do you know where the grater is ?	Modern cheese graters have more than one side so the cheese can be sliced in different ways .
boy	N	3-3	Steve is a boy of 16 .	She made the boy brush his teeth every night .
strike	V	2-1	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .	Panic struck me .
play	N	5-8	The ball was still in play .	Insiders said the company 's stock was in play .
head	N	1-7	The head of the list .	I 've got to go to the head .
tendency	N	3-3	Fabric with a tendency to shrink .	Denim has a tendency to fade .
gather	V	0-0	Gather the close family members .	Gather some stones .
line	N	12-2	The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text .	A nice line of shoes .
corner	N	1-5	A corner on the silver market .	A piano was in one corner of the room .
correct	V	4-0	Engineers will work to correct the effects or air resistance .	Correct the mistakes .
split	N	6-3	He inserted the wedge into a split in the log .	He demanded his split before they disbanded .
cup	N	6-7	Put the flag back in the cup .	He swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away .
window	N	3-4	They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded .	You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .
get	V	3-0	She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight .	Get permission to take a few days off from work .
run	N	3-3	She got a run in her stocking .	I have a run in my stocking .
bed	N	6-1	Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach .	Lake bed .
due	N	3-4	Give him his due — he is a good actor .	Give the devil his due .
coordinate	V	0-0	Coordinate our efforts .	Coordinate the painters , masons , and plumbers .
population	N	2-7	The African-American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing .	People come and go , but the population of this town has remained approximately constant for the past decade .
feel	V	1-1	I feel that we need to try harder .	I felt my way cautiously through the dangerous business maneuver .
air	N	7-4	The flock of birds took to the air .	I need some fresh air .
communicate	V	3-6	Many deaf people communicate with sign language .	He and his sons have n't communicated for years .
pull	V	0-0	Pull your knees towards your chin .	Pull the rope .
call	N	6-10	After two raises there was a call .	The characters in Henry James ' novels are forever paying calls on each other , usually in the parlor of some residence .
run	V	0-1	Run riot .	We ran the ad three times .
application	N	2-7	A novel application of electronics to medical diagnosis .	He has tried several different word processing applications .
rub	N	5-6	Give that lamp a good rub and see if any genies come out .	He gave the hood a quick rub .
see	V	8-1	You have to be a good observer to see all the details .	I saw their laughing and joking .
grow	V	4-2	An oak tree will grow from that acorn .	The gardener grew that acorn into an oak tree .
take	V	3-3	How should I take this message ?	You ca n't take credit for this !
floor	N	5-8	The room has a wooden floor .	We spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent .
evil	N	6-5	Attempts to explain the origin of evil in the world .	Do n't go giving me evils !
know	V	1-1	I know that the President lied to the people .	She knew of our plan .
break	V	5-0	The book dealer would not break the set .	Break off the negotiations .
carry	V	1-1	I carry these thoughts in the back of my head .	Amanda carried the package from home to New York .
motion	N	3-3	Police controlled the motion of the crowd .	He made a motion to adjourn .
way	N	4-5	Do you know the way to the airport ?	They split the loot three ways .
pain	N	1-4	The pain of loneliness .	The patient developed severe pain and distension .
flux	N	5-4	It is important to use flux when soldering or oxides on the metal will prevent a good bond .	His opinions are in flux .
come	V	3-2	Your wish will come true .	Which letter comes before Y ?
turn	V	0-0	Turn your face to the wall .	Turn your dance partner around .
time	N	6-1	It took more than half my time .	Take time to smell the roses .
poise	V	1-1	To poise the scales of a balance .	I poised the crowbar in my hand , and waited .
be	V	2-6	I shall be writing to you soon .	We liked to chat while we were eating .
know	V	1-1	I know it 's time .	She knew of our plan .
use	V	0-2	Use the plastic bags to store the food .	We only use Spanish at home .
call	V	0-3	Call a football game .	I tried to call you all night .
principle	N	1-1	The principle of the internal combustion engine .	The principles of democracy .
see	V	3-3	I want to see whether she speaks French .	I went to see my friend Mary the other day .
breath	N	2-3	Not a breath of scandal ever touched her .	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .
follow	V	2-4	Can you follow her argument ?	The police had been following him for weeks but they could not prove his involvement in the bombing .
finance	V	2-2	Can we finance the addition to our home ?	His parents financed his college education .
snap	V	1-1	To snap a whip .	To snap a fastener .
test	V	3-1	She does n't test well .	She tested high on the LSAT and was admitted to all the good law schools .
air	N	1-5	An air of mystery .	The program was on the air from 9 til midnight .
hold	V	0-5	Hold your tongue .	About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade .
pass	N	2-4	A mountain pass .	We got through the pass before it started to snow .
head	N	1-3	A head of cauliflower .	He is two heads taller than his little sister .
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	The sky is a deep blue today .
practice	V	2-1	You should practice playing piano every day .	Pianists practice scales .
hand	N	3-2	On the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...	A good hand .
run	V	0-6	Run a new program on the Mac .	My computer is too old to run the new OS .
origin	N	1-0	Mineral origin .	Origin in sensation .
crystallize	V	3-2	He tried to crystallize his thoughts .	My ideas crystallized overnight .
treat	V	3-0	I like to treat myself to a day at a spa when I am depressed .	Treat the infection with antibiotics .
rise	V	0-2	Rise to a challenge .	The building rose before them .
acknowledge	V	2-4	We must acknowledge the kindness she showed towards us .	* They his gifts acknowledged none . - John Milton .
fatigue	N	5-5	He was hospitalized for extreme fatigue .	He was suffering from museum fatigue .
load	V	0-1	Load the camera .	He loaded his gun carefully .
cut	V	0-2	Cut paper dolls .	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia .
hold	V	0-0	Hold in place .	Hold your breath .
charge	N	5-5	This cartridge has a powder charge of 50 grains .	The battery needed a fresh charge .
run	N	3-4	She got a run in her stocking .	The ship made its run in record time .
term	N	2-2	A prison term .	The general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree .
find	V	6-1	These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation .	She found that he had lied to her .
refill	N	3-3	He got a refill for his notebook .	He got a refill for his ball-point pen .
optimization	N	2-2	In an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized .	The simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability .
call	V	3-0	The engineer called round whilst you were away .	Call roll .
mine	N	5-7	This diamond comes from a mine in South Africa .	Most coal and ore comes from open-pit mines nowadays .
see	V	2-1	Can you see the bird in that tree ?	I saw her bake the cake .
point	N	6-5	He held me up at the point of a gun .	The one with the most points will win the game .
call	N	4-3	He placed a phone call to London .	I received several calls today .
unionize	V	13-15	We do n't allow people to come into our plant and try to unionize the workers .	My uncle got roughed up by some corporate thugs after they caught him trying to unionize their workers .
title	N	2-1	A good title to an estate , or an imperfect title .	His title to fame .
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	The woman is walking .
class	N	3-6	An emerging professional class .	Flirting is not unknown in college classes .
pay	V	2-9	You 'll pay for this opinion later .	He was allowed to go as soon as he paid .
sight	N	1-2	The sight of his wife brought him back to reality .	To gain sight of land .
origin	N	4-1	The rumor had its origin in idle gossip .	Mineral origin .
trump	N	1-3	A trump can take a trick even when a card of a different suit is led .	Clubs were declared trumps .
course	N	6-3	We offer seafood as the first course .	He took a course in basket weaving .
give	V	0-1	Give a course .	I gave two sons to the war .
gather	V	2-0	Let 's gather in the dining room .	Gather some stones .
light	N	7-4	Although he saw it in a different light , he still did not understand .	Do you have a light ?
mine	N	6-7	He came out of the coal mine with a face covered in black .	Most coal and ore comes from open-pit mines nowadays .
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	This building is three hundred years old .
see	V	2-3	I 'll see you to the door .	I want to see results .
play	V	0-0	Play sports .	Play with her feelings .
rig	V	0-0	Rig an election .	Rig prices .
grip	N	1-4	The grip of a sword .	There are several good grips on the northern face of this rock .
series	N	5-6	The Post Office issued a series commemorating famous American entertainers .	His coin collection included the complete series of Indian-head pennies .
give	V	0-3	Give an excuse .	The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice .
work	V	4-3	She knows how to work the system .	Is your husband working again ?
go	V	5-2	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in .	The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect .
beat	V	3-0	The grandfather clock beat midnight .	Beat one 's breast .
hold	V	0-1	Hold in place .	I hold with those who say life is sacred .
demand	N	3-3	There is a demand for jobs .	There is a demand for voluntary health workers in the poorer parts of Africa and Asia .
hold	V	6-2	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck .	This theory holds for all irrational numbers .
blow	V	0-2	Blow on the soup to cool it down .	The fuse blew .
mean	V	1-1	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .	I mean no harm .
contact	N	5-5	Litmus paper turns red on contact with an acid .	They forget to solder the contacts .
trouble	N	5-1	He got several girls in trouble .	One trouble after another delayed the job .
crunch	N	2-3	A financial crunch .	An end-of-the year crunch .
meeting	N	4-1	There was an informal meeting in my living room .	His meeting with the salesmen was the high point of his day .
weakness	N	1-8	The weakness of the dollar against the yen .	In a small number of horses , muscle weakness may progress to paralysis .
have	V	3-0	What do we have here ?	Have , throw , or make a party .
line	N	2-5	A shared line .	Please speak up , the line is very faint .
hit	V	3-1	He tries to hit on women in bars .	He hit a home run .
silence	N	2-3	He needed silence in order to sleep .	He gestured for silence .
carry	V	1-2	Marsupials carry their young in a pouch .	The senator carried his home state .
give	V	2-2	Do n't give the child this tough meat .	Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?
slip	N	3-4	He blamed his slip on the ice .	The jolt caused many slips and a few spills .
death	N	1-1	The death of my grandmother saddened the whole family .	Her death came as a terrible shock .
stay	V	0-3	Stay alone .	I can only stay for an hour .
wall	N	1-1	A wall of prejudice .	A wall of smoke .
whole	N	1-4	The whole of American literature .	Europe considered as a whole .
escape	N	3-4	He made his escape from the mental hospital .	The prisoners made their escape by digging a tunnel .
get	V	0-1	Get someone mad .	He got AIDS .
check	V	0-0	Check the brakes .	Check out the engine .
history	N	3-4	All of human history .	The dawn of recorded history .
raise	V	1-0	To raise your walking stick to defend yourself .	Raise a shout .
admit	V	1-3	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .	We can not admit non-members into our club building .
look	V	3-2	You do n't look your age !	This project looks fishy .
title	N	3-6	He held the title for two years .	He had no documents confirming his title to his father 's estate .
empathize	V	4-4	You really have to empathize .	You really have to empathize with them .
side	N	5-7	It brought out his better side .	The patient was bleeding on the right side .
come	V	3-2	Your wish will come true .	Their anger came to a boil .
distress	N	3-6	A ship in distress .	She was the classic maiden in distress .
case	N	2-1	The accusative case canonically indicates a direct object .	A case of the jitters .
depth	N	1-2	The depth of the water .	From the depths of darkest Africa .
see	V	2-3	I can see a risk in this strategy .	I ca n't see him on horseback !
sophisticate	V	1-1	To sophisticate the understanding . — Southey .	To sophisticate wine . — Howell .
shoulder	N	6-6	The car pulled off onto the shoulder .	He stopped the car on the shoulder of the highway to change the flat tire .
go	V	5-2	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in .	The day went well until I got your call .
make	V	6-1	You have to spend money to make money !	She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house-cleaning .
get	V	2-2	We 'll get them !	Did you get it ?
stretch	V	0-2	Stretch the imagination .	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .
move	V	9-1	The chairman of the company told the salesmen to move the computers .	She moves in certain circles only .
slot	N	5-4	He followed the deer 's slot over the soft turf to the edge of the trees .	The PC had three slots for additional memory .
luck	N	1-2	The luck of the Irish .	They say luck is a lady .
fall	V	0-0	Fall into a trap .	Fall prey to an imposter .
step	V	1-0	To step to one of the neighbors .	Step off ten yards .
touch	V	3-9	He could not touch the meaning of the poem .	They stood next to each other , their shoulders touching .
stick	V	0-1	Stick your thumb in the crack .	She sticks to her principles .
impact	N	6-8	His friend 's opinion had an impact on his decision .	Our choice of concrete will have a tremendous impact on the building 's mechanical performance .
chain	N	6-5	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .
time	N	1-4	The time of year for planting .	He waited a long time .
carry	V	2-0	You must carry your camping gear .	Carry the suitcases to the car .
tension	N	4-3	The direction of maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of the shear .	There is a tension between these approaches to understanding history .
umbrella	N	5-2	The Democratic Party is an umbrella for many liberal groups .	Under the umbrella of capitalism .
fringe	N	1-1	The fringe of a picture .	Interference fringe .
disband	V	4-2	The president wanted to disband the scandal-plagued agency .	The principal disbanded the political student organization .
draw	V	1-0	I draw a line here .	Draw parallels .
suffer	V	10-2	If you keep partying like this , your school-work will suffer .	Many saints suffered martyrdom .
finish	N	6-4	It was a fight to the finish .	Booze will be the finish of him .
rest	N	6-7	I need to get a good rest tonight ; I was up late last night .	The gun was steadied on a special rest .
sign	N	4-6	The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .	Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .
foot	N	3-3	The swiftest of foot .	He followed on foot .
develop	V	2-1	We must develop more potential customers .	We develop the leaders for the future .
key	N	5-7	Some students had stolen the key to the final exam .	Some students cheated by using the answer key .
move	V	1-6	To move in a matter .	Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !
block	V	0-0	Block a muscle .	Block a nerve .
shot	N	6-6	He is still recovering from a shot to his leg .	I caught him with a solid shot to the chin .
mechanism	N	1-1	The mechanism of the ear .	The mechanism of infection .
leave	N	3-4	Might I beg leave to accompany you ?	The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .
bed	N	6-5	My cat often sleeps on my bed .	He worked in the coal beds .
plagiarism	N	7-6	Even if it 's not illegal , plagiarism is usually frowned upon .	Copy from one , it 's plagiarism . Copy from two , it 's research .
refine	V	0-0	Refine paper stock .	Refine pig iron .
cut	V	0-0	Cut a Ping-Pong ball .	Cut paper dolls .
empathize	V	4-5	You really have to empathize .	You 've really got to empathize with what they want .
time	N	1-4	The time is 10 o'clock .	Do you know what time it is ?
missus	N	10-1	Harry said he could n't stop and chat because his missus wanted to go shopping .	The missus has a list of chores for me to do this weekend .
pay	V	3-1	Crime does n't pay .	To pay attention .
make	V	0-0	Make a decision .	Make a move .
treasure	N	4-6	The pirates hid their treasure on a small island in the West Indies .	The trunk held all her meager treasures .
tab	N	2-4	Pull the tab to open the can .	The collar has a tab with a button hole .
question	N	8-1	His claim to the property has come under question .	The question of seniority will be discussed at the meeting .
space	N	8-11	They tested his ability to locate objects in space .	Functional analysis is best approached through a sound knowledge of Hilbert space theory .
drop	N	3-4	He had a drop too much to drink .	There is not a drop of pity in that man .
production	N	6-5	She tends to make a big production out of nothing .	They hope to increase spaghetti production next year .
catch	V	3-0	I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock .	Catch one 's breath .
come	V	0-1	Come into the room .	He came from France .
crack	V	0-6	Crack a joke .	The performance was fine until he cracked that dead baby joke .
light	N	4-7	Do you have a light ?	Hey , buddy , you got a light ?
drill	V	0-0	Drill a hole into the wall .	Drill for oil .
light	N	4-4	He finally saw the light .	He stepped into the light .
mount	V	0-0	Mount an attack .	Mount a theater production .
pull	V	7-1	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .	I pulled a muscle in my leg when I jumped up .
make	V	3-1	They hope to make a bigger profit .	She made ten points in that game .
variant	N	7-5	The word " kerosine " is a variant of “ kerosene ” .	All breeds of dog are variants of the species “ Canis lupus familiaris ” .
work	V	3-0	He could not work the math problem .	Work out your problems with the boss .
presence	N	7-6	I 'm convinced that there was a presence in that building that I ca n't explain , which led to my heroic actions .	Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .
ulteriority	N	4-5	A terrible feeling of ulteriority .	Their conversation was limited to ulteriorities .
circulation	N	4-1	A fan aids air circulation .	Ocean circulation is an important part of global climate .
break	N	5-5	He finally got his big break .	It was presented without commercial breaks .
life	N	6-1	He wanted to live his own life without interference from others .	The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .
roll	V	0-1	Roll out the paper .	She rolled the ball .
get	V	0-0	Get an idea .	Get nauseous .
pull	V	0-1	Pull weeds .	He pulled out his gun before she had a chance to scream .
beat	V	3-0	The grandfather clock beat midnight .	Beat swords into ploughshares .
court	N	1-6	The court is now in session .	The girls were playing in the court .
raise	V	1-0	To raise Sandy Hook light .	Raise the specter of unemployment .
land	N	11-5	The plane turned away from the sea and moved back over land .	They come from a faraway land .
hinge	N	4-4	His absence is the hinge of our plan .	This argument was the hinge on which the question turned .
lie	V	2-2	Do n't lie to your parents .	The book lies on the table .
mean	V	9-9	I 'm afraid I do n't understand what you mean .	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?
tab	N	4-9	The collar has a tab with a button hole .	The filing cards were organized by cards having indexed tabs .
lyric	N	1-1	The lyric in line 3 does n't rhyme .	The lyrics were written by the composer .
light	N	4-5	He stepped into the light .	It brought the scandal to light .
begin	V	0-0	Begin a new chapter in your life .	Begin a cigar .
period	N	2-5	Hastened the period of time of his recovery .	In England they call a period a stop .
head	N	1-1	The head of the page .	The head of the list .
discover	V	10-1	The story is false , so far as I can discover .	I discovered how to do it .
hold	V	0-0	Hold these truths to be self-evident .	Hold the bridge against the enemy 's attacks .
source	N	3-6	Pittsburgh is the source of the Ohio River .	He spent hours looking for the source of that quotation .
set	V	1-0	To set pear trees in an orchard .	Set these words in italics .
get	V	0-3	Get nauseous .	She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight .
line	N	4-2	There is a narrow line between sanity and insanity .	Toe the line .
raise	V	1-0	We raise hogs here .	Raise the question of promotions .
line	N	5-2	I ca n't follow your line of reasoning .	Toe the line .
pull	N	6-5	He was sidelined with a hamstring pull .	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet .
hold	V	1-3	I hold with those who say life is sacred .	Elections will be held on the first Sunday of next month .
leave	V	3-1	She did n't leave until midnight .	I left my keys inside the car and locked the doors .
speck	N	5-2	The plane was just a speck in the sky .	A tiny speck of soot .
patter	N	1-1	The patter of mice .	The patter of tiny feet .
fit	V	4-5	How does this shirt fit ?	The small shirt does n't fit me , so I 'll buy the medium size .
give	V	0-0	Give priority to .	Give bond .
come	V	3-2	Your wish will come true .	The water came to a boil .
cut	V	2-4	If you cut then I 'll deal .	The employer wants to cut back health benefits .
play	V	0-1	Play sports .	Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches .
see	V	1-3	I see that you have been promoted .	We had to see a psychiatrist .
normalize	V	0-0	Normalize relations with China .	Normalize the spelling .
act	V	3-2	She wants to act Lady Macbeth , but she is too young for the role .	The dog acts ferocious , but he is really afraid of people .
window	N	0-2	Window of opportunity .	The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves .
take	V	1-1	We take all major credit cards .	We took a pay cut .
come	V	3-0	Nothing good will come of this .	Come down here !
cover	V	4-2	Is this enough to cover the check ?	This paint covers well .
line	N	9-3	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .	Drop me a line when you get there .
see	V	6-3	The artist must first learn to see .	I went to see my friend Mary the other day .
authority	N	6-2	She lost all her respect and authority after turning up drunk to the meeting .	Tennessee Valley Authority .
hold	V	0-1	Hold one 's nose .	I hold with those who say life is sacred .
area	N	4-4	It was a mountainous area .	It was a closed area of employment .
limit	N	8-2	The sequence of reciprocals has zero as its limit .	To the limit of his ability .
come	V	3-2	Nothing good will come of this .	The bill came to $ 2,000 .
shame	N	6-3	The teenager could n't bear the shame of introducing his parents .	One mistake brought shame to all his family .
footage	N	3-4	They had stock footage of lightning , tornados , and hurricanes .	He edited the news footage .
go	V	2-2	Let 's go this way for a while .	Her money went on clothes .
fall	V	0-2	Fall into a trap .	The estate fell to the oldest daughter .
note	N	5-3	It ended on a sour note .	He detected a note of sarcasm .
dress	V	0-0	Dress the windows .	Dress the victim 's wounds .
turn	V	0-0	Turn cartwheels .	Turn the dial to 10 .
face	N	3-4	He washed his face .	She has a pretty face .
rustle	V	0-4	Rustle cattle .	The dry leaves were rustling in the breeze .
part	N	6-1	He tried to sing the tenor part .	His part was right in the middle .
hand	N	2-1	A ranch hand .	Her hands are really strong .
language	N	3-2	He uttered harsh language .	The English language .
pressurize	V	0-4	Pressurize a space suit .	The airplane cabin is pressurized .
leave	V	0-5	Leave your child the nurse 's care .	At her death , she left behind her husband and 11 cats .
touch	N	3-5	He has a touch of rheumatism .	This piano has a wonderful touch .
trust	N	5-3	He needs to regain her trust if he is ever going to win her back .	He betrayed their trust .
describe	V	5-1	The feeling is difficult to describe , but not unpleasant .	He described going to work .
charge	V	0-1	Charge all weapons , shields , and banners .	He charged the director with indifference .
use	N	1-4	The use of torture has been condemned by the United Nations .	He warned against the use of narcotic drugs .
play	V	0-1	Play football .	He plays on three teams .
sense	N	1-5	Common sense is not so common .	He has n't got the sense God gave little green apples .
day	N	2-3	After that day she never trusted him again .	Those were the days .
sanitize	V	0-0	Sanitize a document before releasing it to the press .	Sanitize history .
shower	V	2-1	You should shower after vigorous exercise .	He showered her with presents .
action	N	3-2	A man of action .	He saw action in Korea .
power	N	1-2	The power of his love saved her .	The deterrent power of nuclear weapons .
notice	N	2-3	He gave notice two months before he moved .	He took no notice of the changes , and went on as though nothing had happened .
have	V	0-0	Have an assistant .	Have a lover .
call	N	4-4	He placed a phone call to London .	She reported several anonymous calls .
carry	V	4-1	This boat can only carry a small sail .	Amanda carried the package to New York .
weapon	N	13-5	The club that is now mostly used for golf was once a common weapon .	He used all his conversational weapons .
right	N	3-4	You have no right to go through my personal diary .	He stood on the right .
rebellion	N	4-6	His body was in rebellion against fatigue .	Each generation must have its own rebellion .
post	N	3-3	He occupied a post in the treasury .	A pair of posts marked the goal .
unit	N	2-6	Change per unit volume .	The dollar is the United States unit of currency .
third	N	13-4	He answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment .	Now put it into third .
opening	N	3-4	There is an opening in the sales department .	He slipped through an opening in the crowd .
foot	N	4-1	We went there by foot because we could not afford a taxi .	The foot of the list .
rock	N	3-5	He threw a rock at me .	Some fool has thrown a rock through my window .
voice	N	3-1	The wee small voice of conscience .	The voice of the law .
trade	N	7-3	They are accused of conspiring to constrain trade .	They rode the trade winds going west .
shift	V	0-0	Shift the date for our class reunion .	Shift one 's position .
split	N	6-4	He inserted the wedge into a split in the log .	They announced a two-for-one split of the common stock .
language	N	2-4	The English language .	He recorded the spoken language of the streets .
cut	V	0-0	Cut my hair .	Cut the engine .
give	V	3-0	The French doors give onto a terrace .	Give a course .
pay	V	0-1	Pay attention .	He paid off the loan three months early .
hang	V	0-0	Hang the venison for a few days .	Hang one 's head in shame .
stretch	V	7-2	During the Inquisition , the torturers would stretch their victims on a rack .	Let 's stretch for a minute -- we've been sitting here for over 3 hours .
mail	N	6-1	He works for the United States mail service .	The mail handles billions of items every day .
charge	V	3-4	I need to charge my car battery .	Do n't forget to charge the drill .
see	V	2-3	You 'll see a lot of cheating in this school .	The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions .
tone	N	2-2	From the tone of her behavior I gathered that I had outstayed my welcome .	The general tone of articles appearing in the newspapers is that the government should withdraw .
court	N	1-7	The court is now in session .	The noblemen visited the queen in her court .
glass	N	4-4	We looked through the glass to see stars .	Would you like a glass of milk ?
text	N	6-8	He wants to reconstruct the original text .	There were more than a thousand words of text .
lift	V	0-0	Lift a ban .	Lift a load .
hit	V	2-2	The car hit a tree .	The ball hit the fence .
life	N	6-0	He lived a long and happy life .	Life depends on many chemical and physical processes .
drive	V	0-0	Drive the cows into the barn .	Drive the ball far out into the field .
wash	V	3-1	He managed to wash out the stains .	He washed the dirt from his coat .
dawn	V	3-5	It started to dawn , and we had to get up .	The age of computers had dawned .
carry	V	1-6	To carry an account to the ledger .	How many credits is this student carrying ?
bind	V	0-2	Bind the books in leather .	The hydrogen binds the oxygen .
meet	V	3-2	Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree ?	This proposal meets my requirements .
hold	V	0-2	Hold your temper .	The book holds in store much valuable advise .
burn	V	1-2	To burn the mouth with pepper .	She was burning with anger .
room	N	0-3	Room to pass .	Hardly enough elbow room to turn around .
take	V	0-1	Take the gun from your pocket .	Mother took our plates away and came back with some fruit for us to eat .
get	V	2-3	Did you get it ?	What did you get at the toy store ?
support	N	4-6	They called for artillery support .	He applied to the state for support .
interest	N	4-5	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .	He counts reading among his interests .
make	V	3-1	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
faith	N	2-2	They broke faith with their investors .	Keep the faith .
raise	V	1-0	To raise Sandy Hook light .	Raise hell .
ghetto	N	6-4	The relative security of the gay ghetto .	No escape from the ghetto of the typing pool .
diversification	N	5-5	My broker recommended a greater diversification of my investments .	He limited his losses by diversification of his product line .
life	N	4-6	His heroism saved a life .	She 's my love , my life .
office	N	5-3	During his first year in office .	He rented an office in the new building .
give	V	0-0	Give priority to .	Give one 's name .
leak	N	6-1	He had to clean up the leak .	A leak in a boat .
fair	N	1-1	Trade fair .	Book fair .
trend	N	1-7	The trend of a coastline .	Not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book .
title	N	1-3	His title to fame .	He kept the title to his car in the glove compartment .
way	N	4-2	If I had my way .	A lonely way of life .
stay	V	3-2	I can only stay for an hour .	The smell stayed in the room .
spend	V	0-1	Spend money .	I spent the time on worrying about the future .
light	N	3-8	They saw the light of the beacon .	He stopped the car and turned off the lights .
shock	N	5-4	Whole fields of wheat in shock .	It came as a shock to learn that he was injured .
bit	N	5-7	A horse hates having a bit put in its mouth .	The horse was not accustomed to a bit .
have	V	3-1	What do we have here ?	I have two years left .
take	V	2-3	Do you take me for a fool ?	You ca n't take credit for this !
owe	V	2-2	I still owe for the car .	The thesis owes much to his adviser .
purchase	V	5-1	$ 50 wo n't even purchase a dress .	Carmen purchased a dress for $ 50 .
go	V	5-5	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in .	These ugly billboards have to go !
grace	N	7-2	It has become less common to say grace before having dinner .	God 's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners .
feel	V	4-1	I made the students feel different about themselves .	He felt his flesh crawl .
catch	V	8-0	I have to stop for a moment and catch my breath .	Catch one 's breath .
make	V	0-0	Make my day .	Make revolution .
connect	V	3-1	This computer will connect well to the network .	Herman connected the computers .
act	V	3-2	The governor should act on the new energy bill .	The nanny acted quickly by grabbing the toddler and covering him with a wet towel .
shake	V	0-3	Shake one 's head .	The bad news shook her hopes .
read	V	2-0	The gauge read ` empty ' .	Read the advertisement .
cut	V	1-1	She cut the deck for a long time .	Wayne cut .
lead	N	6-9	The police are following a promising lead .	We were just waiting for someone to take the lead .
chain	N	1-1	A chain of mountains .	The chain of command .
piece	N	4-6	It was a nice piece of work .	It is down the road a piece .
keep	V	0-8	Keep food for a week in the pantry .	There 's little to earn and many to keep .
space	N	5-8	It all happened in the space of 10 minutes .	They tested his ability to locate objects in space .
cut	V	0-0	Cut grain .	Cut a disk .
see	V	3-2	I want to see whether she speaks French .	Could you see about lunch ?
air	N	0-7	Air pollution .	The flock of birds took to the air .
suffer	V	3-2	I 've been suffering your insults for years .	Many saints suffered martyrdom .
move	V	1-1	I move to repel the rule regarding obligatory school uniform .	He moved his hand slightly to the right .
play	V	2-0	Let 's play like I am mommy .	Play cowboy and Indians .
wall	N	5-3	His back was to the wall .	The container 's walls were blue .
hold	V	0-2	Hold your breath .	He 's held by a contract .
bounce	V	0-3	Bounce a check .	The rubber ball bounced .
go	V	5-2	This chair has got to go .	The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect .
round	V	14-1	The total is $ 25,715 but to keep the figures simple , I 'll round it down to $ 25,000 .	Ninety-five rounds up to one hundred .
place	N	3-1	He lost his place on the page .	Grosvenor Place .
pick	V	1-2	To pick rags .	She finally picked her successor .
keep	V	0-0	Keep potatoes fresh .	Keep notes .
ensure	V	4-2	This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us .	Our exertions ensured a good outcome .
touch	V	3-8	The two buildings touch .	Are you all right ? You 've hardly touched your lunch .
follow	V	7-0	When he lectures , I can not follow .	Follow the trail .
raise	V	1-2	To raise a wall , or a heap of stones .	The President raised several million dollars for his college .
make	V	0-1	Make merry .	He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .
home	N	5-9	There 's no place like home .	The teacher asked how many people made up his home .
edge	N	4-3	She sat on the edge of the bed .	The water 's edge .
keep	V	2-1	May God keep you .	She keeps an apartment in Paris for her shopping trips .
draw	V	0-1	Draw a line .	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange .
sale	N	4-4	He celebrated after the sale of company .	The salesman faxed the sales agreement to his home office .
hold	V	1-2	I hold him personally responsible .	The bridge held .
point	N	4-3	10.5 ( " ten point five " ; = ten and a half ) .	He stuck the point of the knife into a tree .
garage	V	3-1	We do n't garage our car .	We garaged the convertible during the monsoon months .
hold	V	1-2	To hold true .	He 's held by a contract .
hold	V	6-0	The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs .	Hold the taxi .
vote	N	4-11	They allowed just one vote per person .	The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .
deal	N	5-4	We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight .	It was a package deal .
fill	N	3-11	He ate his fill of potatoes .	Do n't feed him any more : he 's had his fill .
face	N	4-7	Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .	He looked out at a roomful of faces .
close	V	7-2	The owners decided to move and to close the factory .	My business closes every night at 8 P.M.
rotation	N	6-1	The medical resident finished a two-week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .	Crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil .
swing	N	5-4	The party went with a swing .	He took a wild swing at my head .
slip	N	4-8	He 's a mere slip of a lad .	She could n't hurt a fly , young slip of a girl that she is .
action	N	2-9	A rifle action .	Gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible .
production	N	1-5	The production of white blood cells .	They hope to increase spaghetti production next year .
side	N	6-2	He had a pain in his side .	The Confederate side was prepared to attack .
translate	V	4-1	The renowned director could translate experience to film with ease .	Braque translated collage into oil .
advance	V	1-1	To advance the ripening of fruit .	To advance one 's interests .
know	V	3-1	Does your husband know how to cook ?	She knows how to knit .
center	N	1-1	Shopping center .	The center fumbled the handoff .
use	V	0-3	Use your common sense .	I ca n't use this tool .
make	N	1-1	What make of car is that ?	What make of car do you drive ?
eye	N	4-5	That dress caught her eye .	He tried to catch her eye .
rub	V	0-1	Rub my hands .	I rubbed the cloth over the glass .
procession	N	1-0	A procession of mourners .	Processions were forbidden .
furniture	N	4-3	They had too much furniture for the small apartment .	A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .
ball	N	4-5	The children were playing ball in the garden .	He played with his rubber ball in the bathtub .
news	N	3-2	Is there any news about the storm ?	That 's news to me .
keep	V	0-0	Keep open the possibility of a merger .	Keep my job for me while I give birth .
trial	N	5-1	Candidates must compete in a trial of skill .	The trials for the semifinals began yesterday .
mouth	N	2-3	Open your mouth and say ' aah ' , directed the doctor .	He stuffed his mouth with candy .
tame	V	0-3	Tame the soil .	The author finally tamed some of his potentially offensive statements .
come	V	0-1	Come out of the closet !	He comes from humble origins .
cycle	N	9-4	The " Ring of the Nibelung " is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner , the famous nineteenth-century German composer .	A year constitutes a cycle of the seasons .
stay	V	0-4	Stay alone .	After graduation , she stayed on in Cambridge as a student adviser .
face	N	9-7	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news .	He looked out at a roomful of faces .
use	V	0-2	Use the plastic bags to store the food .	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .
see	V	3-3	I 'll probably see you at the meeting .	The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions .
accept	V	3-1	People did not accept atonal music at that time .	We accept the idea of universal health care .
rap	N	12-4	You ca n't act irresponsibly and then expect me to take the rap .	It was a bum rap .
use	V	0-0	Use the plastic bags to store the food .	Use this knife to slice the bread .
post	V	1-0	To post someone for cowardice .	Post a warning .
treat	V	0-1	Treat an oil spill .	You treated me like a fool .
trial	N	1-5	A trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain .	Candidates must compete in a trial of skill .
take	V	4-1	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	He took off his shoes .
miasma	N	1-1	A miasma of cigar smoke .	The miasma of the marshes .
back	V	4-0	Which horse are you backing in this race ?	Back this enterprise .
cover	V	0-2	Cover your head !	The period covered the turn of the century .
courage	N	5-4	It takes a lot of courage to be successful in business .	A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before .
give	V	1-1	I give you two minutes to respond .	She gave him First Aid .
raise	V	1-0	We raise hogs here .	Raise the price of bread .
feel	N	3-3	She has a feel for music .	He has a feel for animals .
shed	V	3-2	I did n't shed many tears when he left me .	Our dog sheds every Spring .
make	V	0-3	Make an estimate .	What do you make of his remarks ?
coverage	N	11-11	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones .	The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?
light	N	5-2	It brought the scandal to light .	Put that light out !
term	N	1-5	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt .	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .
appear	V	3-2	He had to appear in court last month .	A ship appeared .
air	N	7-6	The flock of birds took to the air .	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .
company	N	3-6	He started the company in his garage .	He only invests in large well-established companies .
order	V	0-0	Order a work stoppage .	Order me some flowers .
tell	V	2-1	He could tell that she was unhappy .	Ellen told Helen about the situation .
sex	N	10-6	( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex .	All you ever think about is sex .
feeling	N	5-3	The house gave me a feeling of dread .	He had terrible feelings of guilt .
time	N	4-3	He waited a long time .	He had a time holding back the tears .
drop	V	0-2	Drop a hint .	The light dropped from the ceiling .
turn	V	0-2	Turn your palm this way .	The company turned a good profit after a year .
come	V	1-1	Melons come from a vine .	Understanding comes from experience .
tear	N	3-3	Ryan wiped the tear from the paper he was crying on .	His story brought tears to her eyes .
play	N	3-5	They gave full play to the artist 's talent .	The coach drew up the plays for her team .
life	N	12-5	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .	He appointed himself emperor for life .
day	N	1-4	My day began early this morning .	She called it a day and went to bed .
construction	N	4-5	He had worked in construction all his life .	I concluded from his awkward constructions that he was a foreigner .
roll	V	0-1	Roll your hair around your finger .	Bill rolled the ball down the hill .
operation	N	7-2	The power of its engine determines its operation .	A multinational operation .
catch	V	6-0	We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater .	Catch a show on Broadway .
get	V	2-3	Let 's get down to work now .	She did n't get the joke .
day	N	7-2	He was a successful pianist in his day .	In the days of sailing ships .
catch	V	10-0	I would love to have dinner but I have to catch a plane .	Catch the ball !
tell	V	2-1	He could tell that she was unhappy .	She told him how he did it .
softness	N	6-6	Suddenly her gigantic power melted into softness for the baby .	He attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy .
business	N	5-3	He bought his brother 's business .	A racially integrated business concern .
line	N	4-3	He got out of line .	He drew a line on the chart .
header	N	1-3	Your header is too long ; " Local Cannibals " will suffice .	He took a header into the shrubbery .
score	N	2-1	Settling a score .	The score was 7 to 0 .
surgery	N	8-5	He read the warning in the doctor 's surgery .	I dropped in on the surgery as I was passing to show the doctor my hemorrhoids .
likelihood	N	2-1	In all likelihood the meeting will be cancelled .	The likelihood is that the inflation rate will continue to rise .
background	N	13-5	They got a bad connection and could hardly hear one another over the background signals .	He posed her against a background of rolling hills .
roll	V	0-2	Roll out the paper .	The pastry rolls well .
touch	V	10-5	Can he reach ? " " The chair must not touch the wall .	The local Mafia wo n't touch gambling .
table	N	4-4	It was a sturdy table .	He entertained the whole table with his witty remarks .
plane	N	7-4	Any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane .	The cabinetmaker used a plane for the finish work .
conquer	V	0-0	Conquer your fears .	Conquer a country .
find	V	3-3	I can not find my gloves !	Physicists believe they found a new elementary particle .
impact	N	5-6	The book had an important impact on my thinking .	His friend 's opinion had an impact on his decision .
lumberyard	N	6-6	I 'll just go to the lumberyard and buy some more two by fours so we can finish building this .	He got a job at the lumberyard , working the big saw for planks .
get	V	3-2	I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .	That song gets me so depressed every time I hear it .
occur	V	2-1	Precious stones occur in a large area in Brazil .	Sexism occurs in many workplaces .
place	N	5-4	If you were in my place what would you do ?	He comes from a place near Chicago .
develop	V	2-2	We must develop more potential customers .	The embryo develops into a fetus .
go	V	0-4	Go about the world in a certain manner .	His knowledge does n't go very far .
round	N	3-5	We enjoyed our round of the local bars .	The story is going the rounds in Washington .
pull	V	6-2	You 're going to have to pull harder to get that cork out of the bottle .	The athlete pulled a tendon in the competition .
pain	N	5-10	Your mother is a right pain .	As the intensity increased the sensation changed from tickle to pain .
language	N	3-12	The gift of language .	The speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written .
write	V	1-4	Please write to me every week .	Your son has been writing on the wall .
interpreter	N	5-5	She was famous as an interpreter of Shakespearean roles .	His paintings reveal a sensitive interpreter of nature .
give	V	0-2	Give a course .	The draft gave me a cold .
snap	V	9-1	If you bend it too much , it will snap .	She snapped a picture of the President .
concatenation	N	6-2	It was caused by an improbable concatenation of circumstances .	A complicated concatenation of circumstances .
catch	V	2-1	Did you catch a cold ?	I caught some Z 's on the train .
render	V	0-0	Render the town to the enemy .	Render up the prisoners .
refund	V	12-15	A governor , that had pillaged the people , was sentenced to refund what he had wrongfully taken . — L'Estrange .	If you find this computer for sale anywhere at a lower price , we 'll refund you the difference .
replace	V	0-3	Replace the book on the shelf after you have finished reading it .	The insurance will replace the lost income .
time	N	7-1	He was a great actor in his time .	The time of year for planting .
wharf	V	0-0	Wharf the passengers .	Wharf the mouth of the river .
world	N	1-2	The world of insects .	The outdoor world .
life	N	1-2	City life .	Get a life .
light	N	7-3	Hey , buddy , you got a light ?	Can you shed light on this problem ?
head	N	3-6	They shot 20 head of quail .	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .
block	V	0-1	Block a garment .	He blocked the basketball player 's shot .
call	N	6-4	He was ejected for protesting the call .	He placed a phone call to London .
cover	V	0-2	Cover your head !	The President covered the fact that he bugged the offices in the White House .
strike	V	0-0	Strike a balance .	Strike a bargain .
work	V	2-3	She never worked because she inherited a lot of money .	Is your husband working again ?
look	N	6-4	He went out to have a look .	His camera does his looking for him .
work	V	4-1	She knows how to work the system .	He works his parents for sympathy .
brighten	V	3-1	The paint will brighten the room .	She brightened when I changed the subject .
unit	N	4-6	The centimetre is a unit of length .	The dollar is the United States unit of currency .
pull	N	5-1	The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .	The pull of the moon .
say	V	2-2	Let 's say you had a lot of money -- what would you do ?	Let us say that he did not tell the truth .
opener	N	5-3	She played Chopin for her opener .	The season 's opener was a game against the Yankees .
dozen	N	3-4	I ordered two dozen doughnuts .	Pack the shirts in dozens , please .
set	V	0-2	Set a broken bone .	The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight .
help	V	3-3	She could not help watching the sad spectacle .	I ca n't help myself -- I have to smoke .
water	N	5-4	They were sitting by the water 's edge .	They invaded our territorial waters .
section	N	7-7	There are three synagogues in the Jewish section .	She got a job in the historical section of the Treasury .
order	N	4-0	The house is in order .	Order ruled in the streets .
raise	V	0-0	Raise an army .	Raise your ` o ' .
classify	V	2-1	Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?	She classified the articles into different genres .
serve	V	1-2	They serve a restricted role on the bench .	He had served in financial planning positions .
formation	N	1-1	The formation of crystals .	The formation of pseudopods .
pack	V	1-1	To pack fish .	Crowds packed the stands .
introduce	V	0-0	Introduce a rule .	Introduce exotic fruits .
tell	V	1-1	Please tell me how to do it .	I tell you that man is a crook !
hum	N	4-1	There is a constant hum of military preparation .	The hum of distant traffic .
hit	V	1-2	We hit Detroit at one in the morning but kept driving through the night .	The ball hit the fence .
mean	V	3-9	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .	I 'm afraid I do n't understand what you mean .
side	N	6-2	They always sat on the right side of the church .	The Confederate side was prepared to attack .
drink	N	0-4	Drink was his downfall .	I 'd like another drink please .
number	N	4-3	He has an unlisted number .	He had a number of chores to do .
beat	V	0-1	Beat the egg whites .	Reading beats watching television .
spin	V	0-2	Spin silk .	The creek spun its course through the woods .
cold	N	0-5	Cold is a vasoconstrictor .	Come in out of the cold .
side	N	1-5	Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?	He is on the purchasing side of the business .
clash	V	2-4	These colors clash .	Fans from opposing teams clashed on the streets after the game .
respect	N	18-2	Syngman Rhee kept imprisoned the Dowager Queen Yun Empress Sunjeong of the Korean Empire for fear of the respect the people held for her .	Out of respect for his privacy .
apply	V	1-0	I apply this rule to get good results .	Apply for a job .
key	N	1-4	The key to development is economic integration .	They were carrying two keys of heroin .
be	V	4-2	When will the meeting be ?	I have been to Spain many times .
carry	V	1-2	To carry the war from Greece into Asia .	The jar carries wine .
bear	V	0-0	Bear news .	Bear gifts .
go	V	8-6	This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go .	How fast does your new car go ?
piece	N	6-7	The children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests .	It is not known who created this piece .
go	V	4-6	How did your interview go ?	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?
focus	V	1-1	Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies .	We focused on what he wanted .
deference	N	1-1	His deference to her wishes was very flattering .	In deference to your wishes .
break	V	0-1	Break down a proof .	I broke my foot while playing hockey .
attack	V	5-1	The visiting team started to attack .	I attacked the problem as soon as I got out of bed .
feel	V	2-1	I can feel the sadness in his poems .	She felt an object brushing her arm .
life	N	3-5	Pottery was his life .	He appointed himself emperor for life .
compare	V	3-1	You ca n't compare my problems and yours .	We compared notes after we had both seen the movie .
train	N	4-10	They joined the wagon train for safety .	Unfortunately , the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride 's train as they were walking down the aisle .
adultery	N	0-3	Adultery is often cited as grounds for divorce .	She engaged in adultery because her spouse has a low libido , while hers is very high .
shower	N	7-3	Her church group has planned an adoption shower .	He took a shower after the game .
production	N	2-1	Shakespeare 's production of poetry was enormous .	The production of white blood cells .
hall	N	7-8	The drinking fountain was out in the hall .	The elevators were at the end of the hall .
focus	V	12-1	If you 're going to beat your competitors , you need to focus .	We focused on what to do .
give	V	0-3	Give a yelp .	The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice .
pull	V	0-2	Pull weeds .	I 'm pulling for the underdog .
stabilization	N	1-0	Wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace .	Stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions .
gather	V	6-12	Be careful not to stretch or gather your knitting .	If you want to emphasise the shape , it is possible to gather the waistline .
see	V	3-3	How nice to see you again !	We had to see a psychiatrist .
face	N	1-1	The face of the city is changing .	The face of this company .
put	V	1-1	He put all his efforts into this job .	She put too much emphasis on her the last statement .
direction	N	5-3	Keep going in the same direction .	He had no direction in his life .
pull	V	0-3	Pull the cooked chicken into strips .	A declining dollar pulled down the export figures for the last quarter .
dig	V	0-0	Dig coal .	Dig out a channel .
business	N	7-2	They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .	Government and business could not agree .
transcript	N	4-3	You can obtain a transcript of this radio program by sending a self-addressed envelope to the station .	He read a transcript of the interrogation .
draw	V	1-7	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange .	They saw that the night was quickly drawing in , so they pitched their tent .
turn	V	4-2	The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold .	The princess turned the frog into a prince by kissing him .
get	V	3-1	You need to get permission to leave early .	He got a girl into trouble .
face	N	9-1	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news .	The face of the city is changing .
action	N	1-9	The action is no longer in technology stocks but in municipal bonds .	Gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible .
head	N	5-5	Admission is three dollars a head .	Tickets are $ 5 per head .
train	V	0-2	Train the vine .	She is training to be a teacher .
order	N	2-4	Law and order .	The house is in order .
point	N	6-4	We should meet at a pre-arranged point .	She walked to a point where she could survey the whole street .
shake	V	3-3	I could n't shake the car that was following me .	The bad news shook her hopes .
beat	V	2-3	The boat beat in the strong wind .	The sun was beating down on us .
development	N	8-1	In chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen .	Recent developments in Iraq .
hold	V	0-0	Hold these truths to be self-evident .	Hold your temper .
serve	V	3-3	This table would serve very well .	The tree stump serves as a table .
ulteriority	N	6-4	His stories were too susceptible to ulteriority .	A terrible feeling of ulteriority .
restraint	N	5-1	Dogs should be kept under restraint .	Legal restraints .
lead	N	9-5	We were just waiting for someone to take the lead .	They did n't follow our lead .
hand	N	6-6	I did n't hold a good hand all evening .	He kept trying to see my hand .
help	V	2-2	Can you help me carry this table ?	She never helps around the house .
go	V	8-1	This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go .	Get going !
use	V	2-0	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .	Use your head !
case	N	5-2	It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled .	A door case .
hold	V	0-2	Hold your temper .	The canteen holds fresh water .
taste	N	4-8	She enjoyed her brief taste of independence .	His cold deprived him of his sense of taste .
freshen	V	5-1	I 'm going to go freshen up .	She freshened up after the tennis game .
remember	V	2-1	Do you remember that he once loved you ?	I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .
safety	N	2-8	Insure the safety of the children .	If you push it to the limit , safety is not guaranteed .
job	N	1-8	The job of repairing the engine took several hours .	Estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars .
universe	N	6-11	They study the evolution of the universe .	Powerful telescopes look far back into the distant reaches of the Universe .
portfolio	N	8-10	I would like to introduce you to our portfolio of services .	They were disappointed by the poor returns on their stock portfolio .
marriage	N	4-3	A long and happy marriage .	You should enter marriage for love .
stay	V	3-2	I can only stay for an hour .	The judge stayed the execution order .
dialect	N	5-0	The immigrants spoke an odd dialect of English .	Dialects found in both Hangzhou and Shanghai belong to the Wu topolect .
touch	V	5-3	Your performance does n't even touch that of your colleagues .	I would n't touch her with a ten-foot pole .
patch	N	2-1	A briar patch .	A patch of clouds .
end	N	3-1	She knotted the end of the thread .	The end of the pier .
rotate	V	3-1	Ballet dancers can rotate their legs out by 90 degrees .	We rotate the lead soprano every night .
audience	N	4-4	Every artist needs an audience .	The broadcast reached an audience of millions .
hit	V	1-1	We hit Detroit by noon .	Jones hit for the pitcher .
ball	N	1-1	A ball of fire .	A ball of twine .
drive	V	0-1	Drive a golf ball .	He drives a bread truck .
foot	N	1-4	One foot of the chair was on the carpet .	Armored from head to foot .
turn	V	0-4	Turn your dance partner around .	The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold .
hold	V	2-2	She can hold an audience spellbound .	This story held our interest .
boy	N	3-4	She made the boy brush his teeth every night .	The baby was a boy .
post	N	7-3	If you hurry you 'll catch the post .	Is there any post for me ?
back	V	2-2	The train backed into the station .	The wind backed .
trust	V	3-2	We can not trust anyone who deceives us .	We can trust in God .
extension	N	6-1	Most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS .	The extension of ` satellite of Mars ' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos .
tautology	N	15-7	Given a Boolean A , " A OR ( NOT A ) " is a tautology .	A logical statement which is neither a tautology nor a contradiction is a contingency .
set	N	1-1	The set of prime numbers is infinite .	The set of his mind was obvious .
fall	V	1-1	To fall a tree .	He fell to his knees .
use	V	0-6	Use the plastic bags to store the food .	He does n't know how to use a computer .
floor	N	1-1	The floor of the cave .	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .
accept	V	6-0	The Boy Scouts were going to accept him as a member .	Accept students for graduate study .
pay	V	3-2	She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly .	You 'll pay for this !
point	N	5-3	Cut the skin with the point of the knife .	He broke the point of his pencil .
stand	V	2-1	Can you stand the bookshelf up ?	He stood the broom in a corner and took a break .
mess	N	1-4	A mess of porridge .	She brought back a mess of fish to fix for supper .
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a gas pipe .	A leak in a roof .
dozen	N	7-4	There should n't be more than two dozens .	Pack the shirts in dozens , please .
life	N	6-5	He wanted to live his own life without interference from others .	He hoped for a new life in Australia .
unit	N	8-9	He was a member of a special police unit .	After the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit .
air	N	8-4	If you 've time to spare go by air .	I need some fresh air .
window	N	4-1	You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .	Launch window .
conceive	V	7-2	Assisted procreation can help those trying to conceive .	The racist conceives such people to be inferior .
get	V	4-3	I just do n't get him .	Where did she get these news ?
wash	N	4-14	My jacket needs a wash .	At the end of the year the accounting department showed that it was a wash .
land	N	2-5	An industrialized land .	They come from a faraway land .
fanny	N	10-3	Her dress was so short you could nearly see her fanny .	In England ` fanny ' is vulgar slang for female genitals .
field	N	10-1	There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .	Oil field .
stick	N	1-6	A stick of wood .	The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .
sale	N	6-5	He has just made his first sale .	They had to complete the sale before the banks closed .
be	V	4-1	When will the meeting be ?	I am 75 kilograms .
force	N	2-1	A public force is necessary to give security to the rights of citizens .	The forces of evil .
term	N	2-1	A prison term .	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt .
hold	V	0-3	Hold all calls to the President 's office while he is in a meeting .	Elections will be held on the first Sunday of next month .
play	V	0-3	Play safe .	The tape was playing for hours .
catch	V	6-2	We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater .	He was caught in the act of stealing a biscuit .
deficit	N	5-4	The people concerned have a deficit in verbal memory .	They have serious linguistic deficits .
hit	V	2-1	The ball hit the fence .	I hit the jackpot .
house	N	9-3	She felt she had to get out of the house .	He has a house on Cape Cod .
product	N	3-4	Skill is the product of hours of practice .	His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .
reduce	V	3-2	The sauce should reduce to one cup .	The cells reduce .
loosen	V	1-6	To loosen a knot .	After the Thanksgiving meal , Bill loosened his belt .
place	N	3-5	He overstepped his place .	A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .
time	N	3-2	That 's three times he 's made the same mistake .	It is time to go .
go	V	2-2	We should go farther in this matter .	His money went on drink .
use	N	3-4	There is no use for your invention .	He warned against the use of narcotic drugs .
business	N	4-2	Show me where the business was today .	Government and business could not agree .
language	N	12-1	The speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written .	The language introduced is standard throughout the text .
bet	V	1-2	I bet she will be there !	You can bet on that !
element	N	3-2	Water is the element of fishes .	In your element .
bring	V	3-1	Waiter , please bring me a single malt whiskey .	This brings me to the main point .
interpreter	N	5-11	She was famous as an interpreter of Shakespearean roles .	Programs written in the BASIC language are usually run through an interpreter , though some can be compiled .
break	V	6-4	I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .	News of her death broke in the morning .
line	N	5-4	They attacked the enemy 's line .	There is a narrow line between sanity and insanity .
cut	V	0-0	Cut a ticket .	Cut a check .
book	N	4-5	He used a large book as a doorstop .	Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .
year	N	5-2	I was born in the year 1950 .	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .
back	N	5-1	Could you please scratch my back ?	His back was nicely tanned .
come	V	0-1	Come down here !	He came from France .
sign	N	3-2	Charges of opposite sign .	He posted signs in all the shop windows .
raise	V	0-8	Raise a shout .	Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?
company	N	10-7	The room was a mess because he had n't expected company .	Keep the house clean ; I have company coming .
whisk	V	4-3	The chef prepared to whisk the egg whites for the angel 's food cake .	The President was whisked away in his limo .
operation	N	8-5	They paid taxes on every stage of the operation .	They had to consolidate their operations .
keep	V	0-3	Keep potatoes fresh .	I can not keep track of all my employees .
snow	V	3-2	It started to snow .	It is snowing .
face	N	1-6	The face of the city is changing .	He managed to show a bold face despite his embarrassment .
find	V	3-2	I can not find my gloves !	Did you find your glasses ?
year	N	2-2	In the year 1920 .	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .
evade	V	5-4	This difficult idea seems to evade her .	The con man always evades .
check	V	4-1	These stories do n't check !	She checked for an instant and missed a step .
catch	N	7-5	It sounds good but what 's the catch ?	The player made an impressive catch .
drive	V	1-0	I drive to work every day .	Drive a golf ball .
break	V	6-4	I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .
run	N	7-4	The assembly line was on a 12-hour run .	I 'm having a run of bad luck .
figure	N	2-4	A heroic figure .	He cut a fine figure .
tap	V	0-0	Tap beer in a bar .	Tap an M3 thread all the way through the hole .
feel	V	2-1	I can feel the sadness in his poems .	It feels nice to be home again .
dig	V	0-0	Dig salt .	Dig out a channel .
refine	V	0-0	Refine oil .	Refine paper stock .
stretch	V	1-6	Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .	To enjoy the picnic , we stretched out on the grass .
block	N	4-13	He held a large block of the company 's stock .	Since blocks are often defined as a single sector , the terms ` block ' and ` sector ' are sometimes used interchangeably .
hold	V	0-2	Hold a reception .	The canteen holds fresh water .
window	N	3-0	They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded .	Window of opportunity .
live	V	5-2	He 's not expected to live for more than a few months .	My grandfather lived until the end of war .
piece	N	3-4	He sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage .	He wrote an interesting piece on Iran .
letter	N	1-3	The letter of a room .	There are twenty-six letters in the English alphabet .
remove	V	0-1	Remove a threat .	Doug removed the smudges .
wave	N	1-4	A wave of conservatism in the country led by the hard right .	There was a sudden wave of buying before the market closed .
set	N	2-3	The country set .	He did four sets of the incline bench press .
face	N	3-3	Why the sad face ?	He washed his face .
treat	V	4-1	She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke .	I treated his advances as a joke .
flip	V	3-0	You need to flip the pancake onto the other side .	Flip over the pork chop .
iota	N	5-3	As a Greek numeral , iota represents ten .	There are twelve iotas on that page .
go	V	5-2	These ugly billboards have to go !	The day went well until I got your call .
shatter	V	5-6	A high-pitched voice that could shatter glass .	The old oak tree has been shattered by lightning .
hold	V	1-0	I hold to these ideas .	Hold your tongue .
use	V	0-0	Use your head !	Use the plastic bags to store the food .
number	N	5-7	She preferred the black nylon number .	I hope to become one of their number before I die .
stretch	N	1-3	A stretch of clear water .	He did a stretch in the federal penitentiary .
see	V	3-2	I want to see results .	Could you see about lunch ?
home	N	5-5	Deliver the package to my home .	He does n't have a home to go to .
fry	V	10-15	He 's guilty of murder — he 's going to fry .	If the children stay out on the beach for another hour , they 'll be fried .
pain	N	4-5	The patient developed severe pain and distension .	That kid is a terrible pain .
block	V	0-0	Block a nerve .	Block a garment .
line	V	1-0	To line a copy book .	Line one 's pockets .
key	N	5-5	Some students had stolen the key to the final exam .	He spoke in a low key .
line	N	2-4	A washing line .	He has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it .
start	V	1-1	I start at eight in the morning .	I start my day with a good breakfast .
hold	V	0-0	Hold one 's nose .	Hold the bridge against the enemy 's attacks .
furniture	N	3-9	A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .
change	N	2-3	He got change for a twenty and used it to pay the taxi driver .	Can I get change for this $ 100 bill please ?
load	N	7-6	The truck overturned while carrying a full load of oil .	The system broke down under excessive loads .
area	N	7-8	It was about 500 square feet in area .	The photo is a little dark in that area .
trojan	N	4-12	The contents of a trojan can be a virus or a worm .	When he downloaded the free game it turned out to be a trojan .
grocery	N	1-5	The grocery store included a meat market .	She carried a sack of groceries in from the car and set it on the kitchen table .
object	N	1-0	The object of my affection .	Objects of thought .
development	N	3-1	What a revolting development !	Recent developments in Iraq .
talk	N	3-4	There has been talk about you lately .	I attended an interesting talk on local history .
fall	V	0-1	Fall into a trap .	She fell to pieces after she lost her work .
reversal	N	3-1	There was a reversal of autonomic function .	The reversal of the image in the lens .
blow	V	1-2	To blow a horse .	The whales blew .
walk	V	3-2	We like to walk every Sunday .	We must walk with our dispossessed brothers and sisters .
academy	N	2-2	A riding academy .	The French Academy .
separation	N	1-4	The separation of wheat from chaff .	He hid in the separation between walls .
hit	V	1-0	We hit Detroit by noon .	Hit a ball .
length	N	3-1	He determined the length of the shortest line segment joining the two points .	A length of tubing .
catch	V	2-1	Did you catch that allusion ?	He caught the allusion in her glance .
catch	V	3-2	I did n't catch your name .	One foot caught in the stirrup .
cover	V	0-2	Cover her face with a handkerchief .	This should cover everyone in the group .
floor	N	2-7	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .
practice	N	0-5	Practice makes perfect .	He will need lots of practice with the lines before he performs them .
light	N	2-8	Put that light out !	He stopped the car and turned off the lights .
say	V	4-1	Martha , will you say the Pledge of Allegiance ?	She said her ` Hail Mary ' .
court	N	4-7	The queen and her court traveled to the city to welcome back the soldiers .	The house was built around an inner court .
strength	N	1-3	The strength of the company 's stock in recent weeks .	Fatigue sapped his strength .
eye	N	4-5	They were in the eye of the storm .	Bright lights really hurt my eyes .
cycle	N	4-1	The never - ending cycle of the seasons .	The cycle of the seasons , or of the year .
have	V	5-5	How many cars does she have ?	The dog down the street has a lax owner .
wander	V	1-4	To wander over the fields .	Might her husband be wandering ?
attitude	N	7-3	The ballet dancer walked with a graceful attitude .	He assumed an attitude of surrender .
origin	N	4-1	The rumor had its origin in idle gossip .	Vegetable origins .
church	N	6-1	This building used to be a church before being converted into a library .	Our church is hosting a picnic next week .
failure	N	6-9	That year there was a crop failure .	He felt that his entire life had been a failure .
come	V	0-8	Come into the room .	I was standing on the corner when Nick came up and asked for a cigarette .
leak	N	5-1	I have to take a leak .	The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military .
catch	V	11-0	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .	Catch a show on Broadway .
grain	N	5-3	He does not have a grain of sense .	There was a grain of truth in what he said .
situation	N	2-2	No human situation is simple .	The dangerous situation developed suddenly .
hold	V	0-0	Hold in place .	Hold these truths to be self-evident .
head	N	6-6	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40 .
head	N	1-6	200 head of cattle .	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40 .
cover	V	4-1	The insurance wo n't cover this .	He covered left field .
trace	V	0-0	Trace a pattern .	Trace the student 's progress .
hit	V	1-1	We hit Detroit at one in the morning but kept driving through the night .	He hit a home run .
see	V	3-13	I 'll probably see you at the meeting .	They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .
keep	V	2-3	Can I keep my old stuffed animals ?	I can not keep track of all my employees .
play	N	4-4	There was too much play in the steering wheel .	It is still my play .
sense	N	1-1	A sense of happiness .	A sense of security .
position	N	9-7	Stop running all over the field and play your position !	Chief of Staff is the second highest position in the army .
gap	N	7-3	The exploring party went through the high gap in the mountains .	There was a gap in his account .
concord	V	2-0	Both philosophers concord on this point .	Concord the conditions for the marriage of the Prince of Wales with a commoner .
shoot	V	0-1	Shoot a movie .	He shot seventeen stills .
authority	N	2-3	Respect my authority !	She spoke with authority .
check	V	0-1	Check into the rumor .	He checked my kings .
time	N	3-1	That 's three times he 's made the same mistake .	This time he succeeded .
raise	V	1-5	To raise your walking stick to defend yourself .	A few important questions were raised after the attack .
color	N	4-2	She used a different color for the trim .	A white color is made up of many different wavelengths of light .
bit	N	3-5	He had a bit of good luck .	A horse hates having a bit put in its mouth .
wall	N	1-5	A wall of water .	Negotiations ran into a brick wall .
degree	N	3-4	He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude .	Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius .
enter	V	0-0	Enter a race .	Enter a drug treatment program .
give	V	0-3	Give a course .	What will you give her for her birthday ?
home	N	9-5	The teacher asked how many people made up his home .	Deliver the package to my home .
come	V	0-2	Come out of the closet !	The bill came to $ 2,000 .
hold	V	0-2	Hold your tongue .	He can hold his liquor .
give	V	4-1	This material does n't give .	He gave his life for his children .
wilderness	N	10-1	The duties of citizenship are lost sight of in the wilderness of interests of individuals and groups .	A wilderness of masts in the harbor .
development	N	8-5	In chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen .	After he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter .
go	V	6-2	How fast does your new car go ?	The patient went peacefully .
job	N	7-4	He gave it up as a bad job .	She did an outstanding job as Ophelia .
check	V	0-0	Check the spelling of this word .	Check your luggage before boarding .
carry	V	2-2	These bonds carry warrants .	This undertaking carries many dangers .
development	N	9-7	The organism has reached a crucial stage in its development .	Our news team brings you the latest developments .
wash	V	9-1	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .	He washed the dirt from his coat .
keep	V	8-0	There 's little to earn and many to keep .	Keep count .
roll	V	0-4	Roll your hair around your finger .	The President 's convoy rolled past the crowds .
ferment	V	1-4	We ferment the grapes for a very long time to achieve high alcohol content .	The Middle East is fermenting .
receive	V	0-1	Receive letters from the front .	He received Christ .
check	N	2-3	Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer .	They made a check of their equipment .
account	N	1-4	An account of a battle .	He gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president .
shower	N	7-3	The game was interrupted by a brief shower .	He took a shower after the game .
leave	V	0-3	Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .	The fugitive has left the country .
be	V	4-2	When will the meeting be ?	The sky is blue .
see	V	2-0	I must see your passport before you can enter the country .	See whether you can come tomorrow .
today	N	3-0	Did you see today 's newspaper ?	Today is beautiful .
water	N	5-7	They were sitting by the water 's edge .	First you have to cut off the water .
fear	V	1-1	I fear the worst will happen .	I fear for their safety .
dick	N	6-6	He wore a condom over his dick .	Sorry , girls , I suck dick .
contact	N	7-5	They claimed that they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings .	They forget to solder the contacts .
return	N	2-2	On his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party .	The average return was about 5 % .
development	N	2-1	The slow development of her skill as a writer .	The development of his ideas took many years .
poison	V	3-0	This mushrooms can poison .	Poison someone 's mind .
official	N	5-7	The golfer asked for an official who could give him a ruling .	In most soccer games there are three officials : the referee and two linesmen .
join	V	2-1	I will join you watching the football game as soon as I have finished my work .	She joined him for a drink .
park	V	0-0	Park the car in the yard .	Park your bag in this locker .
beginning	N	5-1	He was responsible for the beginning of negotiations .	The beginning of the war .
quarter	N	3-1	It 's a quarter til 4 .	A quarter after 4 o'clock .
subject	N	2-16	Her favorite subject is physics .	A moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject .
drill	V	0-0	Drill a hole into the wall .	Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction .
make	V	0-0	Make the bed .	Make up a room .
sum	N	4-1	He borrowed a large sum .	The sum of forty pounds .
office	N	2-2	Being in office already gives a candidate a great advantage .	The whole office was late the morning of the blizzard .
cut	N	3-4	I like the cut of that suit .	A dress of traditional cut .
scale	N	6-1	There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .	The scale of the map .
go	V	0-2	Go about the world in a certain manner .	We should go farther in this matter .
care	V	2-3	I really care about my work .	I do n't care .
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a roof .	The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military .
disk	N	3-2	The moon 's disk hung in a cloudless sky .	Venus ' disk cut off light from the Sun .
connection	N	3-3	There was a connection via the internet .	He has powerful connections .
conduct	V	3-1	She can not conduct modern pieces .	Bernstein conducted Mahler like no other conductor .
position	N	6-5	Atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life .	Moved from third to fifth position .
scratch	V	2-2	Do n't scratch your insect bites !	The lovers scratched their names into the bark of the tree .
part	N	6-3	They resisted every effort on his part .	Glue the two parts together .
be	V	2-2	I may be an hour .	It has been three years since my grandmother died . ( similar to My grandmother died three years ago , but emphasizes the intervening period ) .
pay	V	3-1	She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly .	He paid her off the books and in kind where possible .
turn	V	0-1	Turn the clay on the wheel .	She turned to her relatives for help .
snap	V	1-0	To snap a whip .	Snap your fingers .
furniture	N	3-2	A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .	How much furniture did they leave behind ?
go	V	2-2	We should go farther in this matter .	The day went well until I got your call .
fringe	N	1-1	Her fringe is so long it covers her eyes .	Interference fringe .
lift	V	0-0	Lift one 's eyes .	Lift potatoes .
give	V	0-0	Give a divorce .	Give the orders .
wave	V	5-1	She asked the hairdresser to wave her hair .	She waved her gun .
right	N	4-1	She is in the right .	Certain rights can never be granted to the government but must be kept in the hands of the people"- Eleanor Roosevelt .
voice	N	14-2	O Marcus , I am warm'd ; my heart Leaps at the trumpet 's voice .	A shrill voice sounded behind us .
reading	N	1-5	A reading of the current situation .	He was famous for his reading of Mozart .
lift	V	0-1	Lift the box onto the table .	I lifted the books onto the table .
field	N	8-3	A crop circle was made in a corn field .	He planted a field of wheat .
size	N	8-3	She hates me , that 's about the size of it .	That 's the size of the situation .
toy	V	1-2	To toy with a piece of food on one 's plate .	Figo is toying with the English defence .
way	N	4-4	Did n't know the way home .	If I had my way .
bit	N	4-1	I gave him a bit of my mind .	A bit of lint .
fall	V	0-0	Fall into a strange way of thinking .	Fall in love .
stay	V	1-9	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .	After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full-time .
spray	V	0-0	Spray paint on the wall .	Spray water on someone .
space	N	3-5	The architect left space in front of the building .	They stopped at an open space in the jungle .
develop	V	0-1	Develop a market for the new mobile phone .	Well developed breasts .
grain	N	3-6	There was a grain of truth in what he said .	We stored a thousand tons of grain for the winter .
rule	N	1-8	The rule of St. Dominic .	He determined the upper bound with Descartes ' rule of signs .
play	V	0-1	Play cards .	We played hockey all afternoon .
practice	N	3-4	It is good practice to check each door and window before leaving .	It is the usual practice of employees there to wear neckties only when meeting with customers .
go	V	0-1	Go about the world in a certain manner .	She went through a lot of trouble .
raise	V	0-0	Raise a sad cry .	Raised edges .
date	N	4-3	Do you know the date of the wedding ?	I arranged a date with my Australian business partners .
scale	N	7-6	The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .	There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .
clear	V	3-0	The check will clear within 2 business days .	Clear the leaves from the lawn .
control	N	3-3	The timing and control of his movements were unimpaired .	He had lost control of his sphincters .
start	V	4-1	We simply could not start the engine .	John started the party .
dish	N	4-4	Marriage was scarcely his dish .	She prepared a special dish for dinner .
keep	V	0-0	Keep my seat , please .	Keep my job for me while I give birth .
gather	V	0-12	Gather the close family members .	If you want to emphasise the shape , it is possible to gather the waistline .
fix	N	5-13	He got into a terrible fix .	It rained before we repaired the roof , and were we in a fix !
division	N	4-4	Magnolias belong to the division Magnoliophyta .	The BBC 's engineering division .
trust	V	2-3	We can trust in God .	In God We Trust - written on denominations of US currency .
turn	V	0-0	Turn a key .	Turn the clay on the wheel .
sense	N	1-3	A sense of happiness .	In the best sense charity is really a duty .
identity	N	2-2	Simply an identity element if both are true .	A left identity if I * x = x for any x in the structure .
section	N	7-7	He always turns first to the business section .	She got a job in the historical section of the Treasury .
community	N	9-6	The preachers and the bootleggers found they had a community of interests .	They hoped to join the NATO community .
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	It is hot in Arizona , but it is not usually humid .
bank	N	1-3	The bank is on the corner of Nassau and Witherspoon .	He operated a bank of switches .
reaction	N	7-5	He was pleased by the audience 's reaction to his performance .	John feared his mother 's reaction when she saw the broken lamp .
turn	V	0-0	Turn the flour onto a plate .	Turn towards me .
quota	N	5-1	All the salesmen met their quota for the month .	The quota for Japanese imports was negotiated .
take	V	2-2	I 'll take three salmon steaks .	We are taking an orphan from Romania .
divinity	N	5-1	Ancient Egyptians believed in the divinity of the Pharaohs .	Harvard Divinity School has been teaching theology since 1636 .
fatigue	N	1-5	Metal fatigue .	The soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson .
pain	N	1-5	The pain of loneliness .	That kid is a terrible pain .
year	N	2-2	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .
allow	V	0-2	Allow for mistakes .	The evidence allows only one conclusion .
field	N	8-11	The set of all rational numbers is a field .	The set of rational numbers , \mathbbQ , is the prototypical field .
tell	V	3-2	I want to tell you a story .	The father told a story to his child .
keep	V	1-0	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .	Keep my job for me while I give birth .
damage	N	6-3	The storm did a lot of damage to the area .	What 's the damage ? he asked the waiter .
know	V	1-3	We know this movie .	This flower is known as a Peruvian Lily .
communicate	V	0-1	Communicate a disease .	He communicated his anxieties to the psychiatrist .
give	V	0-3	Give thought to .	The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice .
account	N	4-4	I expected a brief account .	A person of considerable account .
turn	V	18-0	The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .	Turn cartwheels .
vocabulary	N	2-1	My Russian vocabulary is very limited .	The vocabulary of any language is influenced by contacts with other cultures .
capital	N	10-4	The Welsh government claims that Cardiff is Europe 's youngest capital .	Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States of America .
charge	N	1-1	His charge was deliver a message .	The charges against the estate .
setting	N	8-2	You ca n't do that in a university setting .	The perfect setting for a ghost story .
ministry	N	2-5	The present ministry of the Holy Spirit .	He is studying for the ministry .
cover	N	1-3	The cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft .	They made a cover of a Beatles ' song .
lift	V	0-0	Lift potatoes .	Lift my spirits .
body	N	3-3	What 's a body got ta do to get a drink around here ?	They found the body in the lake .
shell	V	0-0	Shell the legumes .	Shell mussels .
krona	N	9-4	Grāmata maksā piecas kronas — the book costs five krona .	Piecas kronas — five krona .
fall	V	0-1	Fall into a trap .	They fell out of favor .
get	V	3-0	I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .	Get me those books over there , please .
drive	V	1-0	You drive nails into wood with a hammer .	Drive a nail into the wall .
analyze	V	0-0	Analyze a sentence .	Analyze a chemical compound .
difficulty	N	4-6	They agreed about the difficulty of the climb .	Finished the test only with great difficulty .
permit	V	2-1	This will permit the rain to run off .	This permits the water to rush in .
mouth	N	5-5	New York is at the mouth of the Hudson .	The jar had a wide mouth .
dozen	N	3-7	I ordered two dozen doughnuts .	There should n't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write .
hold	V	2-2	She can hold an audience spellbound .	The soprano held the audience .
fabric	N	5-1	It is part of the fabric of society .	The fabric of the universe .
bitch	N	3-1	Karma 's a bitch .	My bitch just had puppies : they 're so cute !
line	N	5-2	Please speak up , the line is very faint .	A dedicated line .
live	V	2-1	Can you live on $ 2000 a month in New York City ?	I lived through two divorces .
action	N	7-1	His novels always have a lot of action .	The action of natural forces .
presence	N	3-6	He sensed the presence of danger .	Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .
tape	N	5-3	He used a piece of tape for a belt .	He wrapped a tape around the package .
stabilization	N	4-1	He worked for price stabilization for farm products .	Wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace .
region	N	3-2	In the abdominal region .	The temperate regions .
number	N	5-6	This sweater is an all-wool number .	It was one of the best numbers he ever did .
vermin	N	8-8	Boys in the village have probably been shooting vermin .	Cereals must be protected from mice and other vermin .
figure	N	1-7	The figure was about a thousand .	She made the best score on compulsory figures .
side	N	7-1	The patient was bleeding on the right side .	Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?
strike	V	2-2	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .	A hammer strikes against the bell of a clock .
fair	N	1-1	Book fair .	World fair .
array	N	4-6	It was a bewildering array of books .	His tools were in an orderly array on the basement wall .
take	V	2-0	Can you take this bag , please .	Take a cookie !
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	The dog was drowned by the boy .
shoestring	N	5-6	He managed it on a shoestring .	He did all that on a shoestring budget .
concoction	N	6-4	He volunteered to taste her latest concoction .	His testimony was a concoction .
party	N	3-5	She joined the party after dinner .	We 're expecting a large party from the London office .
slit	V	1-0	He slit the bag open and the rice began pouring out .	Slit the throat of the victim .
side	N	9-4	He turned the box over to examine the bottom side .	They painted all four sides of the house .
business	N	2-6	We do business all over the world .	Computers are now widely used in business .
sale	N	4-3	He celebrated after the sale of company .	They held a sale to reduce their inventory .
strength	N	1-5	The strength of the company 's stock in recent weeks .	It was destroyed by the strength of the gale .
side	N	5-4	He was on the heavy side .	A cube has six sides .
have	V	1-1	They have two more years before they retire .	I have two years left .
focus	N	5-1	The controversy brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion .	The focus of activity shifted to molecular biology .
recognition	N	2-2	A sudden recognition of the problem he faced .	Give her recognition for trying .
spread	V	1-2	I spread the rice grains evenly over the floor .	The rumor spread .
court	N	5-1	Players had to reserve a court in advance .	Pay court to the emperor .
face	N	3-9	Why the sad face ?	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news .
field	N	3-7	He planted a field of wheat .	There were some cows grazing in a field .
score	N	11-3	He tried to blame the victim but his success on that score was doubtful .	What was your score on your homework ?
play	V	7-2	The Democrats still have some cards to play before they will concede the electoral victory .	This development played into her hands .
finish	N	9-4	The wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish .	Excitement grew as the finish neared .
fall	V	0-2	Fall asleep .	Many soldiers fell at Verdun .
discover	V	10-1	The story is false , so far as I can discover .	I discovered how she did it .
leave	V	6-2	At what time does your train leave ?	Her blood left a stain on the napkin .
shake	V	0-1	Shake one 's head .	She shook her finger at the naughty students .
face	N	1-3	The face of the city is changing .	He washed his face .
buy	V	5-1	I 'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore !	Carmen bought a dress from Diana .
catch	V	0-3	Catch the mood .	The Rolls Royce caught us near the exit ramp .
rub	V	0-2	Rub my hands .	The cat rubbed itself against my leg .
meet	V	4-2	The company agrees to meet the cost of any repairs .	This proposal meets my requirements .
hold	V	6-1	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck .	She holds her head high .
read	V	1-1	She read my mind and promptly rose to get me a glass of water .	I read this address as a satire .
call	V	3-3	I tried to call you all night .	The new dean calls meetings every week .
confidence	N	6-5	After that failure he lost his confidence .	Everyone trusted him with their confidences .
stretch	V	0-2	Stretch out that piece of cloth .	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .
point	N	4-3	Life has lost its point .	Get to the point .
product	N	4-3	His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .	They improve their product every year .
treatment	N	1-1	His treatment of the race question is badly biased .	A treatment or cure is applied after a medical problem has already started .
come	V	1-1	Melons come from a vine .	News came in of the massacre in Rwanda .
hit	V	1-2	He hit a home run .	The movie hits theaters in December .
streak	N	7-5	I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments .	I was on a winning streak until the fourth game , where I was dealt terrible cards .
opening	N	4-1	There was a small opening between the trees .	The opening established the basic theme .
finish	N	3-5	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .	The boat had a metallic finish .
approach	V	1-11	To approach the city .	He was an admirable poet , and thought even to have approached Homer . -- Sir William Temple .
circus	N	9-1	They used the elephants to help put up the circus .	The circus will be in town next week .
make	V	3-1	This invention will make you a millionaire .	He made a fool of himself at the meeting .
hit	V	3-1	I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts .	Jones hit for the pitcher .
slip	N	8-3	She could n't hurt a fly , young slip of a girl that she is .	He blamed his slip on the ice .
hang	V	0-4	Hang a door .	The cloud of suspicion hangs over her .
ring	N	2-8	The distinctive ring of the church bell .	The tintinnabulation that so voluminously swells from the ringing and the dinging of the bells "-- E. A. Poe .
be	V	4-6	When will the meeting be ?	We liked to chat while we were eating .
conflict	N	1-1	The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .	A conflict of loyalties .
brush	V	0-1	Brush away the crumbs .	She brushed the suit before hanging it back into the closet .
stay	V	1-2	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .	The smell stayed in the room .
get	V	2-0	We 'll get them !	Get me those books over there , please .
point	N	3-3	He checked the point on his compass .	A row of points .
bankruptcy	N	1-1	Intellectual bankruptcy .	Spiritual bankruptcy .
fatigue	N	1-6	Political fatigue .	The American public is experiencing scandal fatigue .
block	V	0-0	Block a muscle .	Block trains .
be	V	2-3	I shall be writing to you soon .	The postman has been today , but my tickets have still not yet come .
process	V	0-0	Process iron .	Process the applicants .
fall	V	0-2	Fall into a category .	Silly phrases fell from her mouth .
song	N	5-9	Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday .	A successful musical must have at least three good songs .
term	N	1-2	Mid term goals .	A prison term .
drop	N	3-1	He had a drop too much to drink .	A drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index .
stock	N	4-1	They will cut round stock to 1-inch diameter .	His stock was so high he could have been elected mayor .
unit	N	4-1	The team is a unit .	A unit of wheat is a bushel .
remember	V	3-1	I ca n't remember saying any such thing .	I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .
respect	N	3-5	She lost all respect for him .	Be sure to give my respects to the dean .
grain	N	4-4	Sand of a fine grain .	A stone of coarse grain .
flap	N	4-1	He wrote on the flap of the envelope .	The flap of a sail .
life	N	6-9	She 's my love , my life .	He could no longer cope with the complexities of life .
bear	V	3-0	I can not bear his constant criticism .	Bearing orders .
snorter	N	6-5	The maths problem is a real snorter , is n't it ?	The problem was a real snorter .
queen	N	1-3	The queen of ocean liners .	Paris is the queen of cities .
point	V	4-3	It 's rude to point at other people .	The dancers toes pointed outward .
pull	N	1-5	The pull of the moon .	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet .
try	V	11-4	If you want to play varsity , you 'll have to try out for the team .	This approach has been tried with good results .
wash	V	9-2	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .	The nurse washed away the blood .
hand	N	3-1	Give him a hand .	Her hands are really strong .
play	V	0-0	Play cards .	Play games .
catch	V	4-1	The fashion did not catch .	He caught the allusion in her glance .
give	V	2-0	Can I give you the children for the weekend ?	Give a yelp .
line	N	5-6	He 's not in my line of business .	Historians can only point out those lines for which evidence is available .
hit	V	2-1	The ball hit the fence .	We hit Detroit by noon .
cover	N	5-2	There 's a $ 15 cover tonight .	Artillery provided cover fire for the withdrawal .
check	N	2-2	Place a check by the things you have done .	Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer .
range	V	7-2	Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $ 2 billion .	The instruments ranged from tuba to cymbals .
unit	N	5-8	An idea is not a unit that can be moved from one brain to another .	He was a member of a special police unit .
turn	V	0-0	Turn the car around .	Turn your face to the wall .
head	N	1-1	The head of the page .	The head of the stairs .
difference	N	8-5	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .	His support made a real difference .
charge	V	0-2	Charge the wagon with hay .	The teacher charged the children to memorize the poem .
stick	V	0-0	Stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it .	Stick around and you will learn something !
life	N	9-6	He could no longer cope with the complexities of life .	He lived a long and happy life .
lie	V	2-1	Do n't lie to your parents .	He lies in his coffin .
fall	V	0-1	Fall into a strange way of thinking .	They fell out of favor .
give	V	2-0	I 'll give you three books for four CDs .	Give thought to .
normalize	V	0-0	Normalize the spelling .	Normalize the temperature .
ball	N	1-1	The ball rolled into the corner pocket .	The ball travelled 90 mph on his serve .
hold	V	1-2	To hold true .	The weather held .
congregation	N	2-1	A great congregation of birds flew over .	A congregation of children pleaded for his autograph .
language	N	1-3	The language introduced is standard throughout the text .	The gift of language .
part	N	2-3	The rear part of the house .	Glue the two parts together .
finish	N	3-9	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .	Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad .
come	V	3-2	Your wish will come true .	The bill came to $ 2,000 .
draw	V	0-0	Draw the curtains .	Draw a conclusion .
have	V	1-0	I have two sisters .	Have another bowl of chicken soup !
spill	V	0-3	Spill the milk .	The former employee spilled all the details .
head	N	1-1	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .
level	N	9-1	Take the elevator and get off at the promenade level .	What level is the office on ?
dress	V	3-0	We had to dress quickly .	Dress the patient .
come	V	0-0	Come down here !	Come with me to the Casbah .
butt	N	7-2	He deserves a good kick in the butt .	Get your butt to the car .
keep	V	0-0	Keep notes .	Keep a diary .
give	V	0-2	Give one 's talents to a good cause .	Can you give me lessons ?
line	N	2-2	A shared line .	A dedicated line .
way	N	1-4	Make way for .	Did n't know the way home .
admit	V	1-1	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .	She admitted us here .
dwelling	N	6-3	The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .	I was doing dwelling in the cave .
word	N	4-3	I give you my word that I will be there on time .	He gave his word .
spring	N	3-6	I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .	He will hold office until the spring of next year .
wall	N	2-4	The south wall had a small window .	We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .
place	N	5-1	A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .	A place in my heart .
focus	V	1-4	Please focus the image .	You 'll need to focus the microscope carefully in order to capture the full detail of this surface .
save	V	2-2	Let 's save the packaging in case we need to send the product back .	This will save money .
strike	V	0-2	Strike coins .	The workers struck for a week before the new contract went through .
liver	N	2-5	A high liver .	I 'd like some goose liver pate .
sign	N	6-4	Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .
set	V	1-1	To set glass in a sash .	To set a precious stone in a border of metal .
keep	V	0-2	Keep my job for me while I give birth .	The students keep me on my toes .
give	V	0-3	Give an excuse .	What will you give her for her birthday ?
third	N	2-13	A distant third .	He answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment .
thing	N	4-3	To say the same thing in other terms .	She has a thing about him .
profile	N	2-2	A psychological profile of serial killers .	A biochemical profile of blood .
give	V	0-1	Give the orders .	I gave my coat to the beggar .
grave	N	3-4	From cradle to grave .	He went to his grave without forgiving me .
get	V	4-2	The operator could n't get Kobe because of the earthquake .	Let 's get down to work now .
count	V	2-2	I can count my colleagues in the opposition .	Each answer counts as three points .
command	N	5-2	General Smith was placed in command .	A good command of French .
game	N	7-6	He thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time .	His life was all fun and games .
head	N	3-5	She gave great head .	They say he gives good head .
hit	N	8-7	Where am I going to get my next hit ?	After three misses she finally got a hit .
rank	N	6-5	His salary was determined by his rank and seniority .	The entrance was guarded by ranks of policemen .
remove	V	0-1	Remove a case to another court .	Doug removed the smudges .
plot	N	7-3	The characters were well drawn but the plot was banal .	They concocted a plot to discredit the governor .
draw	V	10-4	At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .	He spent the day drawing in the garden .
soften	V	3-0	This liquid will soften your laundry .	Soften the butter before beating in the sugar .
strike	V	4-2	The opponent refused to strike .	The teacher struck the child .
translate	V	4-4	The renowned director could translate experience to film with ease .	The growth in income translates into greater purchasing power .
tact	N	2-4	I used tact when I told my fat uncle that his extra weight made him look better .	By the use of tact , she was able to calm her jealous husband .
drive	V	1-1	You drive nails into wood with a hammer .	We drive the turnpike to work .
pay	V	2-0	Does she pay you for the work you are doing ?	Pay attention .
fall	V	0-0	Fall prey to an imposter .	Fall in love .
foil	V	0-7	Foil your opponent .	In this picture , the figures are foiled against the background .
raise	V	1-0	To raise somebody to office .	Raise the specter of unemployment .
raise	V	6-1	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .	To raise somebody to office .
face	N	4-3	Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .	Why the sad face ?
make	V	4-1	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	She made ten points in that game .
present	N	5-4	That is enough for the present .	He lives in the present with no thought of tomorrow .
follow	V	2-0	Can you follow her argument ?	Follow a pattern .
youth	N	6-5	I made many mistakes in my youth , but learned from them all .	Make the most of your youth , it will not last forever .
baron	N	3-2	A “ robber baron ” or “ robber knight ” is an historic term and title of disdain .	An oil baron .
have	V	0-3	Have a feeling .	I wo n't have this dog in my house !
control	N	1-3	Under control .	He had lost control of his sphincters .
normalize	V	9-0	There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations ; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms .	Normalize the temperature .
window	N	2-4	The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves .	You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .
normalize	V	9-0	There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations ; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms .	Normalize the spelling .
get	V	0-2	Get nauseous .	The cat got the goldfish .
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	She is our resident philosopher .
stone	N	2-4	A peach stone .	You should remove the stones from prunes before cooking .
song	N	6-4	A bird will not learn its song unless it hears it at an early age .	I love hearing the song of canary birds .
mean	V	1-2	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .	I only meant to help you .
bum	N	2-9	A lazy bum .	That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !
address	N	6-6	He failed in his manner of address to the captain .	A man of pleasing or insinuating address .
rectify	V	0-0	Rectify a curve .	Rectify alternating current .
score	N	5-2	The player with the highest score is the winner .	The winning score came with less than a minute left to play .
catch	V	0-1	Catch fire .	She caught her son eating candy .
make	V	0-0	Make revolution .	Make an effort .
turn	V	0-1	Turn the clay on the wheel .	Ivory turns well .
charge	V	1-3	To charge high for goods .	Will I get charged for this service ?
pay	V	1-3	To pay attention .	She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly .
title	N	11-3	The professor did n't like his friends to use his formal title .	He held the title for two years .
call	V	3-0	We could always call on a friend .	Call the outcome of an election .
do	V	3-2	What does Bob do ? — He 's a plumber .	This car does 150 miles per hour .
operation	N	2-5	A multinational operation .	It can perform millions of operations per second .
have	V	1-5	I have two sisters .	The dog down the street has a lax owner .
answer	V	0-0	Answer the telephone .	Answer the door .
head	N	1-1	A head of cauliflower .	A head of lettuce .
raise	V	1-0	To raise Sandy Hook light .	Raise your hands .
compare	V	4-3	This car does not compare with our line of Mercedes .	You ca n't compare my problems and yours .
life	N	3-6	While there 's life there 's hope .	I have known him all his life .
orbit	N	3-3	The Moon 's orbit around the Earth takes nearly one month to complete .	He plotted the orbit of the moon .
authority	N	2-3	Respect my authority !	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .
neighborhood	N	1-5	My neighborhood voted for Bush .	The price is in the neighborhood of $ 100 .
cut	N	3-4	Everyone got a cut of the earnings .	The lawyer took a cut of the profits .
dress	V	3-1	Can the child dress by herself ?	Marlene dressed the baby .
lift	V	2-0	You never lift a finger to help me !	Lift an embargo .
play	V	0-0	Play safe .	Play fair .
corner	N	2-5	The chimney corner was full of cobwebs .	A piano was in one corner of the room .
gather	V	1-1	I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match .	I gather you have not done your homework .
land	N	7-6	He made it the law of the land .	There 's no work on the land any more .
extend	V	0-2	Extend the loan .	The war extended over five years .
charge	V	3-2	I need to charge my car battery .	He came charging into my office .
sum	N	4-2	He borrowed a large sum .	A tidy sum .
lap	N	1-6	His lap was covered with food stains .	The job fell right in my lap .
time	N	0-1	Time stops for nobody .	The time of year for planting .
turn	V	5-1	In Vermont , the leaves turn early .	Ivory turns well .
begin	V	6-3	This economic measure does n't even begin to deal with the problem of inflation .	The first tourists began to arrive in Cambodia .
picture	N	2-2	The very picture of a modern general .	The political picture is favorable .
see	V	3-2	I want to see results .	You 'll see a lot of cheating in this school .
get	V	3-3	What did you get at the toy store ?	She did n't get his name when they met the first time .
degree	N	4-3	Murder in the second degree .	There are 360 degrees in a circle .
ground	N	6-2	He dropped the logs on the ground .	They gained ground step by step .
pack	V	3-0	You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice .	Pack the books into the boxes .
raise	V	0-0	Raise hell .	Raise Cain .
now	N	5-6	It worked up to right now .	There is no better time than now .
life	N	12-0	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .	Life depends on many chemical and physical processes .
define	V	3-4	The camera could define the smallest object .	The tree was clearly defined by the light .
education	N	4-8	He received no formal education .	A good teacher is essential for a good education .
heat	V	0-2	Heat the water on the stove .	The sun heats the oceans .
rock	N	12-3	While we 're in Brighton , let 's get a stick of rock !	He threw a rock at me .
calendar	N	5-5	The club has a busy calendar this year .	I have you on my calendar for next Monday .
sampler	N	2-1	A candy sampler .	A sampler of French poets .
go	V	5-5	These ugly billboards have to go !	These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge .
purchase	V	5-2	$ 50 wo n't even purchase a dress .	The family purchased a new car .
lift	N	4-4	He gave me a lift to the bus station .	He gave me a lift home .
stabilization	N	0-4	Stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions .	He worked for price stabilization for farm products .
heart	N	5-0	You have n't got the heart for baseball .	Hearts were trumps .
make	V	0-0	Make love , not war .	Make revolution .
play	N	4-3	We saw a two-act play in the theatre .	He wrote several plays but only one was produced on Broadway .
draw	V	0-7	Draw a wagon .	A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .
house	N	3-3	He has a house on Cape Cod .	This is my house and my family 's ancestral home .
bar	N	10-6	It was an excellent kick but the ball hit the bar .	The orchestra omitted the last twelve bars of the song .
raise	V	0-0	Raise my salary .	Raise the question of promotions .
disturbance	N	8-3	He looked around for the source of the disturbance .	There was a disturbance of neural function .
kill	V	0-4	Kill the engine .	These new shoes are killing me !
keep	V	9-9	The family 's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff .	Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on .
dress	V	3-3	We had to dress quickly .	Can the child dress by herself ?
run	V	2-0	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .	Run the dishwasher .
dresser	N	4-5	She 's an elegant dresser .	He 's a very snappy dresser .
think	V	1-0	Just think -- you could be rich one day !	Think what a scene it must have been !
air	N	1-5	An air of mystery .	The house had a neglected air .
offset	V	1-0	To offset one charge against another .	Offset deposits and withdrawals .
suit	N	6-12	They buried him in his best suit .	Be sure to keep your nose to the grindstone today ; the suits are making a " surprise " visit to this department .
matter	N	6-5	Physicists study both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it .	He always took some reading matter with him on the plane .
back	V	4-2	The horse refuses to back .	The wind backed .
dozen	N	4-3	Can I have a dozen eggs , please ?	I ordered two dozen doughnuts .
movement	N	4-8	He had a bowel movement .	It was an expensive watch with a diamond movement .
impute	V	1-1	People impute great cleverness to cats .	We imputed this quotation to Shakespeare .
canvas	N	5-2	The movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound .	The crowded canvas of history .
analyze	V	0-0	Analyze a chemical compound .	Analyze a specimen .
freeze	V	11-0	Do n't go outside wearing just a t-shirt ; you 'll freeze !	Freeze the leftover food .
replace	V	3-3	The insurance will replace the lost income .	We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago .
competition	N	5-11	The newspaper is featuring a competition to win a car .	The new stain remover was ten times more effective than the competition .
union	N	4-4	Lightning produced an unusual union of the metals .	Let C be the union of the sets A and B .
mouth	N	5-6	The jar had a wide mouth .	They built a fire at the mouth of the cave .
strike	V	4-7	The opponent refused to strike .	In the fifth inning , the Giants struck , sending three runners home to win the game 5 to 2 .
number	N	5-5	She preferred the black nylon number .	This sweater is an all-wool number .
double	N	8-3	His first job in Hollywood was as a double for Clark Gable .	He hit a double to deep centerfield .
war	N	2-2	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .
drink	V	3-1	The patient must drink several liters each day .	He drank out of the goblet .
bear	V	0-0	Bear news .	Bear a heavy load .
shift	V	0-0	Shift the emphasis .	Shift one 's attention .
love	N	3-5	A mother 's love is not easily shaken .	The theater was her first love .
class	N	1-3	The class of all sets is not a set .	There are two classes of detergents .
truth	N	1-5	The truth is that he did n't want to do it .	At last he knew the truth .
stage	N	3-5	It set the stage for peaceful negotiations .	He clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box .
field	N	6-3	He was an expert in the field of Chinese history .	The farmer 's field was a civil war battleground , and relics such a minnie bullets were frequently found while plowing .
deal	V	0-2	Deal a blow to someone .	I can deal with this crew of workers .
piece	N	3-3	He sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage .	He needed a piece of granite .
drive	V	0-1	Drive a car or bus .	She drives for the taxi company in Newark .
fire	N	4-0	We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .	Fire was one of our ancestors ' first discoveries .
get	V	3-1	You need to get permission to leave early .	I got a computer from my parents for my birthday .
tolerate	V	13-4	I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .	The patient does not tolerate the anti-inflammatory drugs we gave him .
negociate	V	0-2	Negociate securities .	The pianist negociated the difficult runs .
period	N	2-2	A time period of 30 years .	Hastened the period of time of his recovery .
charge	V	0-3	Charge the wagon with hay .	Will I get charged for this service ?
pain	N	5-5	Your mother is a right pain .	That kid is a terrible pain .
time	N	2-1	It is time to go .	These times were erroneously converted between zones .
call	N	3-5	The salesman 's call on a customer .	That sound is the distinctive call of the cuckoo bird .
narrowness	N	8-7	The attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus .	The problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students .
finish	N	5-7	The boat had a metallic finish .	He applied a coat of a clear finish .
member	N	3-0	Canada is a member of the United Nations .	Members of the opposite sex .
turn	V	0-0	Turn on the spot .	Turn the dial to 10 .
day	N	4-4	She called it a day and went to bed .	It was a busy day on the stock exchange .
pay	V	3-2	She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly .	You 'll pay for this opinion later .
pulp	V	0-0	Pulp fruit .	Pulp wood .
drop	N	1-3	A drop of each sample was analyzed .	There was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery .
apology	N	5-10	The CEO made a public apology for the scandal , and promised full cooperation with the authorities .	What he said really hurt my feelings , but his apology sounded so sincere that I could n't help but forgive him .
way	N	2-1	A lonely way of life .	Make way for .
entreaty	N	3-1	We need an entreaty to stop the hostilities .	An entreaty to stop the fighting .
keep	V	1-0	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .	Keep on working !
noise	N	21-10	Whatever it was he did n't like it and he was going to let them know by making as loud a noise as he could .	The announcement of the election recount caused a lot of noise .
time	N	9-3	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .	He had a time holding back the tears .
roughcast	V	0-1	Roughcast a wall .	To roughcast a wall or building .
air	N	7-6	Open a window and let in some air .	A smell of chemicals in the air .
stuff	N	4-16	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?	He did n't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands .
work	V	4-1	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?	She works as a waitress to put herself through college .
admit	V	3-2	We can not admit non-members into our club building .	A ticket admits one into a playhouse .
shock	N	8-5	Loss of blood is an important cause of shock .	Electricians get accustomed to occasional shocks .
prise	V	16-10	2004 : Most people used pliers , scissors , rubber gloves and knives to try to prise open products . — BBC News .	1919 : I think he must have been trying to prise open that box yonder when he was attacked . — Sax Rohmer , The Quest of the Sacred Slipper .
drag	N	4-7	Peeling potatoes is a drag .	He went to the party dressed in drag .
air	N	4-5	She was humming an air from Beethoven .	Her hand stopped in mid air .
hit	V	2-2	The ball hit the fence .	The movie hits theaters in December .
discover	V	10-1	The story is false , so far as I can discover .	I discovered what he should do .
hit	V	0-1	Hit a ball .	He hit a home run .
tip	V	2-0	Remember to tip the waiter .	Tip the screen upward .
break	V	3-2	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy .	The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .
dwelling	N	2-3	Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson .	I was doing dwelling in the cave .
third	N	3-4	He is playing third .	Now put it into third .
act	V	3-3	The governor should act on the new energy bill .	Think before you act .
ride	V	2-2	Do n't ride me so hard over my failure .	Let it ride .
luck	N	4-2	It was my good luck to be there .	They say luck is a lady .
corner	N	5-1	A piano was in one corner of the room .	The corners of the wire mesh were reinforced with little blobs of solder .
difference	N	6-3	It just wo n't make much difference to me .	There were irreconcilable differences .
deal	N	5-6	I believe it 's your deal .	I did n't have a good deal all evening .
shoot	V	0-7	Shoot a goal .	In my round of golf yesterday I shot a 76 .
get	V	3-3	She did n't get his name when they met the first time .	The ice storm got my hibiscus .
integrity	N	1-5	The integrity of the nervous system is required for normal development .	They admired his scrupulous professional integrity .
break	V	3-5	Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?	The bus we travelled in broke down on the way to town .
fall	V	0-2	Fall prey to an imposter .	Her hair fell across her forehead .
advance	V	1-2	To advance one 's interests .	We are advancing technology every day .
part	N	2-3	The written part of the exam .	Please turn to Part I , Chapter 2 .
follow	V	0-0	Follow the trail .	Follow a pattern .
dress	V	0-2	Dress the patient .	He was dressed in the latest fashions .
place	N	3-5	He lost his place on the page .	A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .
subscription	N	2-6	My library subscription is about to expire .	The deed was attested by the subscription of his signature .
vote	N	5-11	They are expecting a large vote .	The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .
strengthen	V	0-3	Strengthen the relations between the two countries .	This exercise will strengthen your upper body .
pick	V	0-0	Pick meat from a bone .	Pick up the tab .
throw	V	0-0	Throw a shoe .	Throw a glance .
place	N	1-4	A place in my heart .	He has a special place in my thoughts .
prise	V	11-16	C. 1925 : Come , force the gates with crowbars , prise them apart ! — Jack Lindsay , translation of Lysistrata .	2004 : Most people used pliers , scissors , rubber gloves and knives to try to prise open products . — BBC News .
come	V	2-0	The sleeves come to your knuckles .	Come into the room .
get	V	3-0	What do you get when you add up these numbers ?	Get nauseous .
use	V	6-0	He does n't know how to use a computer .	Use this knife to slice the bread .
credit	N	9-2	He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .	Give her credit for trying .
figure	N	4-3	He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .	He made a figure of Santa Claus .
clear	V	3-2	The check will clear within 2 business days .	The sky cleared after the storm .
catch	V	6-2	If you leave now you might catch him .	She really caught the spirit of the place in her drawings .
drop	N	8-3	It was a miracle that he survived the drop from that height .	There was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery .
fix	V	0-2	Fix breakfast for the guests , please .	I was fixing to leave town after I paid the hotel bill .
key	N	1-1	The key to solving this problem is persistence .	The key to development is economic integration .
series	N	2-4	The harmonic series has been much studied .	They were investigating a series of bank robberies .
property	N	5-5	Charm is his most endearing property .	A study of the physical properties of atomic particles .
sign	N	4-3	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .	They welcomed the signs of spring .
line	N	2-5	A dedicated line .	I ca n't follow your line of reasoning .
come	V	0-1	Come into contact with a terrorist group .	Winter comes after autumn .
go	V	6-5	How fast does your new car go ?	These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge .
top	N	2-6	Only the top side of the box was painted .	He stared as she buttoned her top .
admit	V	3-1	We can not admit non-members into our club building .	To admit a serious thought into the mind .
break	V	0-0	Break a promise .	Break a law .
death	N	6-3	England scored a goal at the death to even the score at one all .	It was the death of all his plans .
art	N	3-4	How great thou art !	It 's quite an art .
operation	N	8-3	They paid taxes on every stage of the operation .	A large-scale farming operation .
catch	V	3-1	She managed to catch herself before telling her boss what was on her mind .	He caught the allusion in her glance .
yes	N	5-3	I was hoping for a yes .	Was that a yes ?
mark	V	2-2	The citizens mark the anniversary of the revolution with a march and a parade .	This sign marks the border .
bank	N	3-2	He operated a bank of switches .	A huge bank of earth .
attack	V	6-1	This species of snake will only attack humans if it feels threatened .	Hitler attacked Poland on September 1 , 1939 and started World War II .
formation	N	1-1	The formation of crystals .	The formation of gas in the intestine .
curmudgeon	N	4-14	There 's a cranky curmudgeon working at the hospital who gives all the patients and other doctors flak .	John Doe 's old age and stubborn aversion to new ideas make him a curmudgeon of a candidate .
stage	N	6-7	Then we embarked on the second stage of our Caribbean cruise .	We went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles .
weakness	N	8-1	In a small number of horses , muscle weakness may progress to paralysis .	The weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed .
audit	V	1-0	To audit the accounts of a treasure , or of parties who have a suit depending in court .	Audit accounts and tax returns .
scratch	V	0-2	Scratch that remark .	Do n't scratch your insect bites !
copy	N	3-4	She made a copy of the designer dress .	Please bring me the copies of those reports .
rest	N	14-5	Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .	The ocean was finally at rest .
roam	V	2-2	The cattle roam across the prairie .	The gypsies roamed the woods .
uncork	V	0-0	Uncork the French wine .	Uncork a bottle of wine .
turn	V	0-0	Turn the legs of the table .	Turn a somersault .
locate	V	7-0	Our sense of sight enables us to locate objects in space .	Locate the boundaries of the property .
read	V	1-3	She read the sky and predicted rain .	I ca n't read his strange behavior .
nick	N	7-9	He 's just been released from Shadwell nick prison after doing ten years for attempted murder .	He was arrested and taken down to Sun Hill nick police station to be charged .
question	N	1-3	The question of disease merits serious discussion .	There was a question of which material to use .
point	N	4-5	To fall off a point .	They sailed south around the point .
raise	V	0-0	Raise from the dead .	Raise a protest .
pull	V	7-2	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .	He regularly pulls 12-hour days , sometimes 14 .
cut	V	0-1	Cut the songs .	She cut all of her major titles again .
note	N	14-3	I did n't have any coins to pay with , so I used a note .	He detected a note of sarcasm .
stretch	V	1-1	Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .	I stretched the rubber band until it almost broke .
play	V	0-1	Play football .	Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches .
nomination	N	1-6	His nomination was hotly protested .	There was keen competition for the nomination .
sex	N	6-2	All you ever think about is sex .	They had sex in the back seat .
hyponym	N	3-3	Dog is a hyponym of animal .	A is a hyponym of B means that " A is a type of B. " .
dresser	N	4-4	He 's a meticulous dresser .	She 's an elegant dresser .
unemployment	N	0-3	Unemployment is a serious social evil .	The rate of unemployment is an indicator of the health of an economy .
accent	N	8-11	The name Cézanne is written with an acute accent .	The room was decorated in shades of grey with distinctive red accents .
create	V	2-1	You can create the color orange by mixing yellow and red .	He created a new movement in painting .
do	V	3-1	Will $ 100 do ?	We did 6 miles on our hike every day .
place	N	7-1	He put the lamp back in its place .	A place in my heart .
quality	N	10-9	Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth .	This school is well-known for having teachers of high quality .
keep	V	0-1	Keep your cool .	He keeps bees .
fall	V	0-1	Fall prey to an imposter .	They fell out of favor .
image	N	5-1	The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x ) = 2*x .	The image of f(x) = x^2 is the set of all non - negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers .
point	N	3-3	He stuck the point of the knife into a tree .	A row of points .
third	N	3-2	Jones came in third .	A distant third .
path	N	1-5	The path of a meteor , of a caravan , or of a storm .	Genius usually follows a revolutionary path .
spell	V	13-4	The letters “ a ” , “ n ” and “ d ” spell “ and ” .	I 'm afraid this spells trouble !
room	N	2-1	The whole room was cheering .	The room was on its feet .
stay	N	2-3	A four-month stay in bankruptcy court .	A lengthy hospital stay .
shtik	N	3-5	He played a shtik Beethoven .	Play it straight with no shtik .
floor	N	1-3	The floor of the pelvis .	He is a floor trader .
order	N	3-6	IBM received an order for a hundred computers .	The machine is now in working order .
reaction	N	2-8	In this reaction , the acid and base will neutralize each other , producing a salt .	The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .
expression	N	17-1	The best poker players can tell if the opponents have a good hand by looking at their expression .	Her expression changed from joy to misery after realising her winning lottery ticket had expired .
go	V	5-8	These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge .	This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go .
picture	N	4-4	He had no clear picture of himself or his world .	He described his mental picture of his assailant .
damage	N	4-3	How much is the damage ?	What 's the damage ? he asked the waiter .
foot	N	1-2	The foot of the mountain .	His bare feet projected from his trousers .
go	V	4-2	This sofa wo n't go with the chairs .	We should go farther in this matter .
follow	V	2-7	Can you follow her argument ?	When he lectures , I can not follow .
get	V	3-2	She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight .	The blow got him in the back .
work	V	4-3	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?	My wife never worked .
nonprofit	N	7-3	If it was n't subsidized , the nonprofit would be bankrupt .	Employees of a nonprofit rarely make as much as greedy counterparts in the commercial world .
roll	N	1-2	The roll of a ball .	Calculate the roll of that aircraft .
estimate	N	1-6	An estimate of what it would cost .	Many factors are involved in any estimate of human life .
point	V	0-0	Point a gun .	Point the letter .
work	V	0-3	Work one 's muscles .	My personal trainer works me hard .
ground	V	0-2	Ground the electrical connections for safety reasons .	The storm grounded the ship .
sex	N	2-10	They had sex in the back seat .	( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex .
erase	V	1-2	Please erase the formula on the blackboard -- it is wrong !	The Turks erased the Armenians in 1915 .
fail	V	1-4	I fail to understand your motives .	A number of banks failed that year .
make	V	2-1	Do n't make this into a big deal .	He made a fool of himself at the meeting .
execute	V	0-4	Execute the decision of the people .	Your orders have been executed , sir !
channel	N	1-1	A channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company .	The channel is created by bonding the signals from these four pairs .
war	N	1-9	The war on poverty .	In the US , conservatives rail against the " war on Christmas " .
softness	N	4-0	The climate had the softness of the south of France .	Softness is not something permitted of good leaders .
body	N	1-1	A body of precedents .	A body of doctrine .
interest	N	2-4	In the interest of safety .	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .
recognition	N	2-1	Give her recognition for trying .	Molecular recognition drives all of biology , for instance , hormone and receptor or antibody-antigen interactions or the organization of molecules into larger biologically active entities .
feel	V	2-2	The sheets feel soft .	The ground feels shaky .
pull	N	5-1	The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .	The pull of the current .
gravitation	N	1-0	The gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them .	Gravitation är svagare än elektromagnetismen , men påverkar all materia och energi .
organ	N	11-1	Georgie Fame plays all types of keyboards including electric piano , organ , and Hammond organ .	The organ of the communist party .
cut	V	3-0	We had to cut short the conversation .	Cut the noise .
rack	V	0-0	Rack one 's brains .	Rack a camera .
war	N	2-1	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .	The war against crime .
name	N	3-13	Halt in the name of the law .	He had no sons and there was no one to carry on his name .
stuff	N	5-5	You do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine .	The trunk was full of stuff .
street	N	3-4	Walk down the street .	He lives on Nassau Street .
gold	N	5-6	She has a heart of gold .	The child was as good as gold .
title	N	6-5	He had no documents confirming his title to his father 's estate .	I can never remember movie titles .
throw	V	2-2	Have , throw , or make a party .	The horse threw its rider .
discover	V	10-5	The story is false , so far as I can discover .	Turning the corner , I discovered a lovely little shop .
call	N	4-3	He placed a phone call to London .	The salesman 's call on a customer .
use	V	3-0	I ca n't use this tool .	Use this knife to slice the bread .
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	The sky is blue .
session	N	2-2	A training session .	A gossip session .
convert	V	0-1	Convert lead into gold .	He converted his garden into a tennis court .
set	N	7-1	His instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set .	The sets were meticulously authentic .
start	N	4-5	They got an early start .	The movie was entertaining from start to finish .
door	N	3-3	Education is the door to success .	We closed the door to Haitian immigrants .
dress	V	3-1	We had to dress quickly .	Marlene dressed herself .
corner	N	3-2	Standing on the corner watching all the girls go by .	In many corners of the world they still practice slavery .
dingbat	N	4-8	You would be a dingbat even to try it .	Yet here he was with an upper class dingbat who just happened to be married to his sister .
work	V	2-2	Can you work an electric drill ?	This pilot works the controls .
beat	V	0-1	Beat one 's foot rhythmically .	I beat the traffic .
connection	N	1-1	The connection between church and state is inescapable .	The connection between overeating and obesity .
fall	V	0-0	Fall into a strange way of thinking .	Fall prey to an imposter .
discover	V	10-1	The story is false , so far as I can discover .	I discovered what to do .
quality	N	10-14	Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth .	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .
baby	N	4-1	This project is his baby .	Hey baby , what are you doing later ?
offset	V	2-1	I 'll offset the time difference locally .	To offset one charge against another .
help	V	2-2	Please , help !	Can you help me carry this table ?
pull	V	7-0	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .	Pull your knees towards your chin .
piece	N	7-6	It is not known who created this piece .	I need to rest for a piece .
ride	V	3-2	She loves to ride her new motorcycle through town .	The child rode on his mother 's hips .
trail	N	3-1	There as a trail of blood .	The trail led straight to the perpetrator .
line	N	4-2	He has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it .	A dedicated line .
cover	V	3-4	Does my policy cover accidental loss ?	The insurance wo n't cover this .
turn	V	0-0	Turn the dial to 10 .	Turn the heat down .
field	N	8-10	The home crowd cheered when Princeton took the field .	There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .
suffer	V	0-2	Suffer a terrible fate .	His grades suffered .
unit	N	9-5	After the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit .	The coach said the offensive unit did a good job .
ribbon	N	2-2	The lighted ribbon of traffic .	A mere ribbon of land .
assign	V	1-2	To assign counsel for a prisoner .	The teacher assigned him to lead his classmates in the exercise .
tension	N	0-4	Tension holds the belt in the pulleys .	The direction of maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of the shear .
raise	V	0-0	Raise a siege .	Raise a family .
tab	N	4-9	Files with a red tab will be stored separately .	The filing cards were organized by cards having indexed tabs .
go	V	6-2	How fast does your new car go ?	This door goes to the basement .
corruption	N	0-3	Corruption of a minor .	The luxury and corruption among the upper classes .
academy	N	2-0	The military academy at West Point .	Academies of literature and philology .
play	V	14-1	I 've practiced the piano off and on , and I still ca n't play very well .	He plays the flute .
save	V	2-1	Let 's save the packaging in case we need to send the product back .	He saves half his salary .
touch	N	5-10	This dish could use a touch of garlic .	With the lights out , she had to rely on touch to find her desk .
mount	V	0-2	Mount a horse .	The rider mounted his horse .
have	V	3-1	I do n't have any money left .	I have two years left .
lightning	N	5-1	That tree was hit by lightning .	The lightning was hot enough to melt the sand .
close	V	0-1	Close up an umbrella .	They closed the deal on the building .
block	N	7-7	Anne Boleyn placed her head on the block and awaited her execution .	The pyramids were built with large stone blocks .
follow	V	1-0	Teenagers follow their friends in everything .	Follow these simple rules .
draw	V	0-0	Draw a conclusion .	Draw a line .
leave	V	0-6	Leave lots of time for the trip .	At what time does your train leave ?
stand	V	0-1	Stand the test of time .	She stands 6 feet tall .
begin	V	0-2	Begin a cigar .	My property begins with the three maple trees .
turn	V	0-1	Turn your face to the wall .	Ivory turns well .
fall	V	0-0	Fall into a strange way of thinking .	Fall asleep .
snap	V	0-6	Snap your fingers .	When her baby died , she snapped .
bear	V	3-2	I can not bear his constant criticism .	She is bearing his child .
play	V	0-0	Play fair .	Play it safe .
prepare	V	0-3	Prepare a report .	The prince was prepared to become King one day .
recognition	N	9-1	He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned .	Increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases .
get	V	2-3	Did you get it ?	She did n't get the joke .
set	N	1-1	A set of golf clubs .	A set of books .
catch	V	6-0	We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater .	Catch the mood .
air	N	0-6	Air pollution .	A smell of chemicals in the air .
piece	N	6-3	I need to rest for a piece .	He needed a piece of granite .
turn	V	0-0	Turn the clay on the wheel .	Turn the legs of the table .
call	V	4-3	Take two aspirin and call me in the morning .	The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow .
shoot	V	0-0	Shoot a basket .	Shoot a goal .
unit	N	8-5	He was a member of a special police unit .	The reduced the number of units and installations .
set	V	0-0	Set the table .	Set the tray down .
heart	N	3-5	He drew a heart and called it a valentine .	He had a change of heart .
shell	V	1-2	Nuts shell in falling .	The corn shelled .
answer	V	4-1	A few words would answer .	She answered the door .
strike	V	0-0	Strike a bargain .	Strike fire from the flintstone .
reaction	N	2-3	A bad reaction to the medicine .	The forces of reaction carried the election .
play	V	3-1	Charlie likes to play Mary .	Princeton plays Yale this weekend .
price	N	1-4	The price of gasoline .	I paid a high price for my folly .
spot	N	2-3	A bald spot .	A leopard 's spots .
throw	V	0-1	Throw accusations at someone .	She threw a beautiful teapot .
go	V	5-2	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in .	Her face went red with anger .
set	V	1-2	To set glass in a sash .	The sun sets early these days .
draw	V	0-0	Draw parallels .	Draw a conclusion .
follow	V	1-1	Please follow the guide through the museum .	She followed a guru for years .
appeal	V	0-5	Appeal to somebody for help .	The idea of a vacation appeals to me .
drink	N	5-2	I asked for a hot drink .	Likes a drink before dinner .
now	N	5-0	It worked up to right now .	Now is a good time to do it .
point	V	0-0	Point a chimney .	Point the letter .
support	N	4-1	They gave him emotional support during difficult times .	His support kept the family together .
keep	V	9-0	Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on .	Keep my seat , please .
softness	N	6-10	He attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy .	Orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness .
touch	N	5-3	This piano has a wonderful touch .	She likes the touch of silk on her skin .
turn	V	0-2	Turn your face to the wall .	She is turning 50 this year .
beat	V	0-0	Beat a path through the forest .	Beat one 's breast .
get	V	3-2	You can not get water out of a stone .	We 'll get them !
recognition	N	12-1	He was unable to make his motion because he could n't get recognition by the chairman .	Increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases .
save	V	2-2	This will save money .	I 'll save you the trouble .
channel	N	1-2	A channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company .	The English Channel lies between France and England .
conflict	N	2-1	The familiar conflict between Republicans and Democrats .	His conflict of interest made him ineligible for the post .
find	V	0-1	Find the product of two numbers .	She found the time and energy to take care of her aging parents .
preparation	N	8-0	The resolution of one dissonance is often the preparation for another dissonance .	Preparations for the ceremony had begun .
box	N	6-4	An armed guard sat in the box with the driver .	The flowchart contained many boxes .
swing	V	0-0	Swing back .	Swing forward .
date	N	1-1	US date : 05/24/08 = Tuesday , May 24th , 2008 . UK date : 24/05/08 = Tuesday 24th May 2008 .	The date of a letter , of a will , of a deed , of a coin , etc .
keep	V	0-1	Keep food for a week in the pantry .	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .
gather	V	1-2	I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match .	Let 's gather in the dining room .
find	V	6-2	My son went to Berkeley to find himself .	The arrow found its mark .
term	N	2-2	The general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree .	The major term of a syllogism must occur twice .
face	N	2-6	An angry face .	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .
come	V	0-2	Come into contact with a terrorist group .	Their anger came to a boil .
press	N	1-2	The press of business matters .	Stop the presses !
cold	N	0-6	Cold is a vasoconstrictor .	Come in , out of the cold .
claim	N	1-5	His claim that he was innocent .	Evidence contradicted the government 's claims .
pursuit	N	1-1	The pursuit of love .	Unremitting pursuit of wealth does n't bring happiness , particularly if successful .
commercialization	N	7-6	Both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products .	The government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development .
connect	V	3-1	This computer will connect well to the network .	Herman connected the computers together .
baseball	N	2-3	He played baseball in high school .	There was a baseball game on every empty lot .
construct	V	0-0	Construct an argument .	Construct a proof .
trend	N	2-7	The upward trend of stock-market prices .	Not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book .
produce	V	2-2	These chemicals produce a noxious vapor .	This procedure produces a curious effect .
raise	V	1-8	To raise somebody to office .	Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?
day	N	2-1	After that day she never trusted him again .	These days it is not unusual .
business	N	2-15	We do business all over the world .	He 's such a poor cook , I ca n't believe he 's still in business !
match	V	4-2	This job does n't match my dreams .	The company matched the discount policy of its competitors .
keep	V	8-3	There 's little to earn and many to keep .	Where do you keep your gardening tools ?
approach	V	0-1	Approach a task .	To approach the city .
cure	V	0-0	Cure cement .	Cure resin .
spring	N	6-0	You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .	Spring is the time of the year most species reproduce .
pay	V	2-1	It will pay to wait .	He paid me 5000 pounds for the car .
assumption	N	1-6	Their assumption of his guilt disqualified them from jury duty .	Any society is built upon certain assumptions .
unit	N	6-5	The word is a basic linguistic unit .	The reduced the number of units and installations .
ease	N	6-6	He passed all the exams with ease .	They put it into containers for ease of transportation .
account	N	8-4	He predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance .	A person of considerable account .
rotation	N	6-3	The medical resident finished a two-week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .	The earth 's rotation about its axis is responsible for its being slightly oblate rather than a sphere .
roll	V	9-2	I want to get there early ; let 's roll .	The drawer rolled open .
air	N	0-5	Air pollution .	Her hand stopped in mid air .
field	N	8-0	Anthropologists do much of their work in the field .	Field work traditionally distinguishes true archaeologists from armchair archaeologists .
burn	V	4-2	He watched the house burn .	Maple wood burns well .
floor	N	1-1	The floor of the pelvis .	The floor of the cave .
communicate	V	3-12	Many deaf people communicate with sign language .	I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .
krona	N	4-4	You can use paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes ) .	The book costs five krona .
love	N	1-5	His love for his work .	So that 's fifteen - love to Kournikova .
scene	N	5-3	The police returned to the scene of the crime .	He made a scene .
authority	N	3-3	He has the authority to issue warrants .	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .
look	N	5-5	I do n't like the look of the new design .	I do n't like the looks of this place .
call	V	3-6	The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow .	A transmitter in Samoa was heard calling .
strike	V	2-2	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .	The Germans struck Poland on Sept. 1 , 1939 .
stage	N	5-5	The band returned to the stage to play an encore .	He clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box .
end	N	1-4	The end of the pier .	They rode to the end of the line .
claim	N	1-5	His claim on her attentions .	Evidence contradicted the government 's claims .
go	V	4-1	Ready , set , go !	I went on holiday and got malaria .
empty	V	1-0	To empty a well or a cistern .	Empty the water .
rest	N	4-10	I 'll take the rest .	People actually accomplish more when they take time for short rests .
catch	V	2-11	Do n't catch your meaning .	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .
know	V	1-3	I know that the President lied to the people .	I want to know who is winning the game !
system	N	3-1	In a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface .	The system consists of a motor and a small computer .
day	N	4-6	It should arrive any day now .	I 've been here for 2 days and a bit .
change	N	5-1	The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .	The change was intended to increase sales .
bankruptcy	N	1-1	Moral bankruptcy .	Intellectual bankruptcy .
masquerade	N	3-5	A beggar 's masquerade of wealth .	I was invited to the masquerade at their home .
make	V	0-0	Make friends .	Make enemies .
pull	V	0-0	Pull your knees towards your chin .	Pull the string gently .
set	V	3-0	The film is set in Africa .	Set the dogs on the scent of the missing children .
carry	V	2-1	These pipes carry waste water into the river .	Amanda carried the package .
helm	N	1-5	The helm of the Commonwealth .	The President is at the helm of the Ship of State .
masticate	V	0-5	Masticate rubber .	The cow stood , quietly masticating its cud .
face	N	1-3	The face of this company .	Why the sad face ?
saving	N	3-8	There was a saving of 50 cents .	The shift of the supplier gave us a saving of 10 percent .
quarter	N	3-6	It 's a quarter til 4 .	The wind is coming from that quarter .
face	N	7-3	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .	He washed his face .
line	N	1-2	The line stretched clear around the corner .	A dedicated line .
extend	V	0-2	Extend a loan .	The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets .
sport	N	2-2	A good sport .	A poor sport .
raise	V	0-0	Raise my salary .	Raise a sad cry .
brush	N	3-5	I had a brush with danger on my way to work .	He tried to avoid any brushes with the police .
time	N	4-9	We had a wonderful time at the party .	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .
feel	V	1-1	I feel that we need to try harder .	It feels nice to be home again .
acquisition	N	1-1	The acquisition of wealth .	The acquisition of sports equipment can be fun in itself .
society	N	3-1	He enjoyed the society of his friends .	This society has been known for centuries for its colorful clothing and tight-knit family structure .
end	N	5-1	He came to a bad end .	The end of town .
finish	N	10-9	When these final episodes are broadcast it will be the finish of the show .	Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad .
charge	V	4-2	Do n't forget to charge the drill .	She was charged with supervising the creation of a concordance .
stretch	N	3-2	Running at full stretch .	By no stretch of the imagination .
raise	V	0-0	Raise a shout .	Raise a protest .
change	N	1-5	The change was intended to increase sales .	This storm is certainly a change for the worse .
block	V	0-0	Block the graphs so one can see the results clearly .	Block a plate for printing .
draw	V	0-2	Draw pulp from the fruit .	A ship draws ten feet of water .
resistance	N	1-4	Widespread resistance to the new urban development plans .	The enemy offered little resistance .
year	N	2-3	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .	She is 4 years old .
be	V	4-3	When will the meeting be ?	The postman has been today , but my tickets have still not yet come .
torrent	N	3-1	They endured a torrent of inquiries .	A torrent of abuse .
floor	N	7-1	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .	The floor of the pelvis .
trust	V	3-3	We can not trust anyone who deceives us .	In God We Trust - written on denominations of US currency .
subject	N	7-2	Teachers should be well trained in their subject .	Her favorite subject is physics .
refund	V	15-1	If you find this computer for sale anywhere at a lower price , we 'll refund you the difference .	Please refund me my money .
throw	V	0-0	Throw a javelin .	Throw a glance .
drink	N	5-5	Can I buy you a drink ?	I asked for a hot drink .
bend	V	4-0	The stick does not bend .	Bend the rod .
turn	V	1-2	People turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium .	The pedophile turned to boys for satisfaction .
kid	N	3-3	She 's a kid . It 's normal for her to have imaginary friends .	They 're just kids .
shoot	V	0-0	Shoot a movie .	Shoot a basket .
seat	N	1-3	The seat of these trousers is almost worn through .	He booked their seats in advance .
price	N	1-7	What price glory ?	They say that every politician has a price .
hunt	V	4-4	The King used to hunt these forests .	Her uncle is out hunting deer , now that it is open season .
call	V	4-3	Take two aspirin and call me in the morning .	I tried to call you all night .
turn	V	18-5	The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .	In Vermont , the leaves turn early .
throw	V	0-1	Throw the car into reverse .	She threw a beautiful teapot .
purchase	V	1-1	To purchase land , to purchase a house .	Carmen purchased a dress for $ 50 .
breath	N	4-4	I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .	He took a deep breath and dived into the pool .
base	N	1-1	The base of the lamp .	The base of the skull .
use	V	2-2	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .	We only use Spanish at home .
shot	N	1-3	The shot was wide off the mark .	He poured a shot of whiskey .
move	N	5-1	They were pleased about their move to the country .	The move into my fiancé 's house took two long days .
setup	N	6-5	It takes time to learn the setup around here .	The laboratory included an elaborate setup for measuring the energy .
stay	V	9-4	After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full-time .	After graduation , she stayed on in Cambridge as a student adviser .
face	N	2-4	An angry face .	Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .
outfitter	N	1-11	An outfitter provided everything needed for the safari .	Before his first walking holiday , he went to a specialist outfitter to buy some boots .
electrify	V	1-0	To electrify a limb , or the body .	Electrify an appliance .
carry	V	2-2	You must carry your camping gear .	These pipes carry waste water into the river .
beam	V	1-2	To beam forth light .	The fire beamed on their faces .
altitude	N	2-1	As the altitude increases , the temperature gets lower , so remember to bring warm clothes to the mountains .	The altitude gave her a headache .
foot	N	6-2	I 'll meet you at the foot of the stairs .	His bare feet projected from his trousers .
press	V	1-0	To press a crowd back .	Press a record .
development	N	1-7	The development of Alaskan resources .	Such land is practical for small park developments .
give	V	2-2	Can I give you the children for the weekend ?	Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?
life	N	2-4	Get a life .	His heroism saved a life .
give	V	3-1	What will you give her for her birthday ?	He gives of his energies to the organization .
set	N	1-1	A set of golf clubs .	A set of teeth .
get	V	2-3	Did you get it ?	It must be getting more serious .
break	V	10-1	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	She broke the match .
principle	N	3-1	The Pauli Exclusion Principle prevents two fermions from occupying the same state .	The principles of democracy .
pull	V	0-2	Pull a bank robbery .	He regularly pulls 12-hour days , sometimes 14 .
mean	V	5-1	You never understand what I mean !	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .
splash	N	7-4	Her red hat gave her outfit a splash of color .	He made a great splash and then disappeared .
bear	V	0-0	Bear a heavy load .	Bearing orders .
state	N	1-2	His state of health .	The current state of knowledge .
play	V	14-2	I 've practiced the piano off and on , and I still ca n't play very well .	Can you play on this old recorder ?
flight	N	4-6	I took the noon flight to Chicago .	Where is the departure gate for flight 747 ? / Go straight down and to the right .
ghost	N	4-7	Everyone showed that the ghost of an old lady haunted this crypt .	He looked like he had seen a ghost .
permit	V	2-1	This will permit the rain to run off .	She permitted her son to visit her estranged husband .
model	N	3-1	The computer weather model did not correctly predict the path of the hurricane .	A model of clarity .
mask	N	5-1	They moved in under a mask of friendship .	No mask could conceal his ignorance .
movement	N	6-0	Politicians have to respect a mass movement .	Movement is a sign of life .
note	N	3-3	He detected a note of sarcasm .	There was a note of gaiety in her manner .
floor	N	2-1	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .
work	V	2-1	I will work hard to improve my grades .	John worked with Paul at finishing the task .
move	V	2-1	We must move quickly .	To move in a matter .
match	V	13-2	These two copies are supposed to be identical , but they do n't match .	Let them match their best athletes against ours .
appear	V	3-2	He had to appear in court last month .	Homo sapiens appeared millions of years ago .
tense	V	3-5	Alternately relax and tense your calf muscle .	The bodybuilder 's neck muscles tensed .
go	V	4-5	Where do these books go ?	It 's your turn ; go .
send	V	1-1	To send a message , or a letter .	Nora sent me the book .
key	N	1-4	The key to winning a game .	They were carrying two keys of heroin .
water	N	7-7	The town debated the purification of the water supply .	First you have to cut off the water .
come	V	2-2	These shoes come in three colors .	The sleeves come to your knuckles .
sophisticate	V	11-1	Yet Butler professes to stick to plain facts , not to sophisticate , not to refine . — M. Arnold .	To sophisticate the understanding . — Southey .
fall	V	1-1	Payments fall on the 1st of the month .	Night fell .
machine	N	6-2	The boxer was a magnificent fighting machine .	The war machine .
fall	V	0-4	Fall prey to an imposter .	The line of men fall forward .
drive	V	0-3	Drive the forest .	What are you driving at ?
life	N	3-12	While there 's life there 's hope .	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .
course	N	1-3	The course was less than a mile .	He took a course in basket weaving .
rain	N	7-1	We 've been having a lot of rain lately .	The rains came late that year .
catch	V	3-2	Ears open to catch every sound .	If he catches you on the chin , you 'll be on the mat .
credit	N	3-3	He was given credit for his work .	I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .
leave	N	4-3	A ten day 's leave to visit his mother .	She was granted leave to speak .
competition	N	5-1	The newspaper is featuring a competition to win a car .	Business competition can be fiendish at times .
lie	V	0-2	Lie dormant .	The book lies on the table .
close	V	0-2	Close up an umbrella .	Her arms closed around her long lost relative .
raise	V	0-0	Raise a mutiny .	Raised edges .
pull	V	0-0	Pull the string gently .	Pull the handle towards you .
fall	V	0-1	Fall by the wayside .	He fell to his knees .
finish	N	6-7	It was a fight to the finish .	He applied a coat of a clear finish .
mine	N	5-6	This diamond comes from a mine in South Africa .	He came out of the coal mine with a face covered in black .
crack	N	4-6	Open the door a crack .	We managed to squeeze through a crack in the rock wall .
locus	N	1-4	The locus of points equidistant from a given point is a circle .	A circle is the locus of points from which the distance to the center is a given value , the radius .
voice	N	1-2	The voice of the law .	The noisy voice of the waterfall .
term	N	7-1	He left school before the end of term .	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt .
rotation	N	9-8	The manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation .	The medical resident finished a two - week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .
cover	N	1-6	The cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft .	The fox was flushed from its cover .
stay	V	0-2	Stay alone .	The judge stayed the execution order .
audience	N	4-3	Every artist needs an audience .	He requested an audience with the king .
take	V	1-11	I take it you 're not going ?	Looking at him as he came into the room , I took him for his father .
flight	N	1-4	The flight to Paris leaves at 7 o'clock tonight .	I took the noon flight to Chicago .
reading	N	3-5	He bought some reading material at the airport .	He has a job meter reading for the gas company .
employ	N	4-9	He was in the employ of the city .	The school district has six thousand teachers in its employ .
turn	V	2-3	The Earth turns .	The wheels are turning .
use	V	2-6	We only use Spanish at home .	He does n't know how to use a computer .
stay	N	2-4	A four-month stay in bankruptcy court .	They had a nice stay in Paris .
carry	V	2-1	You must carry your camping gear .	Amanda carried the package from home to New York .
reaction	N	9-2	You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?	A bad reaction to the medicine .
teach	V	2-1	Can you teach me to sew ?	Wanda taught the students .
rest	N	5-8	The ocean was finally at rest .	A body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon .
draw	V	0-0	Draw pulp from the fruit .	Draw blood and pus .
get	V	3-3	What do you get when you add up these numbers ?	My children finally got me to buy a computer .
be	V	4-2	When will the meeting be ?	The dog was drowned by the boy .
fly	V	0-5	Fly a kite .	Lindbergh was the first to fly the Atlantic .
line	N	3-5	Drop me a line when you get there .	They attacked the enemy 's line .
charge	N	5-1	He was arrested on a charge of larceny .	The charges against the estate .
play	V	0-1	Play cards .	He plays on three teams .
connect	V	3-2	This computer will connect well to the network .	Our computers connected .
inclusion	N	3-1	He admired the inclusion of so many ideas in such a short work .	An inclusion in the cytoplasm of the cell .
leave	V	3-1	She wants to leave .	He left the Senate after two terms .
application	N	2-7	The iPhone application VR+ connects to major social networks .	He has tried several different word processing applications .
song	N	1-1	The song of bullets was in the air .	The song of the wind .
face	N	6-1	He managed to show a bold face despite his embarrassment .	The face of this company .
raise	V	1-0	To raise a wall , or a heap of stones .	Raise a siege .
life	N	5-3	The battery had a short life .	While there 's life there 's hope .
place	N	11-5	We thought we would win but only ended up in fourth place .	If you were in my place what would you do ?
roof	N	4-1	I could see the roof of the bear 's mouth .	The roof of the cave was very high .
bar	N	5-5	He was admitted to the bar in New Jersey .	Unfortunately some writers have used bar for one dyne per square centimeter .
bag	N	4-4	He ate a large bag of popcorn .	He carried his small bag onto the plane with him .
straighten	V	0-0	Straighten hair .	Straighten this post .
letter	N	3-2	Mailed an indignant letter to the editor .	A blood letter .
side	N	5-5	He was on the heavy side .	It brought out his better side .
movement	N	2-2	The second movement is slow and melodic .	A broad movement of the electorate to the right .
split	N	7-4	He was winning until he got a split in the tenth frame .	They announced a two-for-one split of the common stock .
family	N	2-1	He 's family .	His family has lived in Massachusetts since the Mayflower .
call	V	1-3	To call the roll of a military company .	The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow .
time	N	3-3	That 's three times he 's made the same mistake .	He called four times .
follow	V	0-2	Follow the road .	Let 's follow our great helmsman !
approach	V	2-2	Do n't approach that house .	We were approaching our destination .
pull	V	0-0	Pull the old soup cans from the supermarket shelf .	Pull a bank robbery .
side	N	5-3	It brought out his better side .	John wrote 15 sides for his essay !
come	V	0-1	Come down here !	He came from France to Colorado .
draw	V	0-6	Draw a chicken .	The participants in the experiment were drawn from a representative population .
scale	N	7-1	The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .	The scale of the map .
get	V	3-3	I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .	She did n't get the joke .
finish	N	6-9	The market was up at the finish .	Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad .
finish	N	4-9	Booze will be the finish of him .	Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad .
acknowledge	V	2-1	* I acknowledge my transgressions . - Psalm 51:3 .	She acknowledged that she might have forgotten .
break	V	10-1	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	She broke the vase .
orbit	N	3-13	In the political orbit of a world power .	In the post WWII era , several eastern European countries came into the orbit of the Soviet Union .
think	V	1-0	I think he is very smart .	Think what a scene it must have been !
direction	N	3-5	He checked the direction and velocity of the wind .	Keep going in the same direction .
classify	V	2-1	Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?	She classified the works as ' dangerous ' .
pottery	N	5-5	The shelves were lined with pottery of all shapes and sizes .	Bernard Leach was skilled at pottery .
design	V	0-1	Design a better mousetrap .	She designed to go far in the world of business .
truck	V	0-1	Truck fresh vegetables across the mountains .	Amanda trucked the package from Philadelphia to her mother 's house .
spread	V	4-3	A big oil spot spread across the water .	She liked to spread butter on her toast while it was still hot .
fix	V	0-2	Fix a race .	Let 's fix the picture to the frame .
blowout	N	6-5	The right front tire had a blowout .	As a result of the blowout we lost all the lights .
hold	V	1-0	I hold him personally responsible .	Hold these truths to be self-evident .
judge	N	1-1	The judge tried both father and son in separate trials .	The judge pronounced often before , but never so widely press-attended .
appear	V	3-1	He had to appear in court last month .	She appeared on several charges of theft .
agree	V	5-1	The two stories do n't agree in many details .	They agreed with her how to do it .
beat	V	0-0	Beat a path through the forest .	Beat the rhythm .
field	N	8-7	A crop circle was made in a corn field .	There were some cows grazing in a field .
call	N	6-3	He was ejected for protesting the call .	I received several calls today .
wish	V	1-1	I wish I could go home now .	I wish that Christmas were over .
gratification	N	3-5	To my immense gratification he arrived on time .	Dull repetitious work gives no gratification .
fire	N	5-4	Put the kettle on the fire .	Barbecue over an open fire .
beat	V	0-0	Beat the drum .	Beat one 's breast .
etiolation	N	1-1	His etiolation signaled years in prison .	The etiolation of celery .
extend	V	0-0	Extend my greetings .	Extend the loan .
connect	V	4-1	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	Herman connected the computers .
melt	V	13-2	When the weather is warm , the snowman will disappear ; he will melt .	The wax melted in the sun .
place	N	1-3	Your place or mine ?	A woman 's place is no longer in the kitchen .
life	N	3-4	While there 's life there 's hope .	He gave up on life .
day	N	2-2	In the day of the dinosaurs .	In the days of sailing ships .
bank	N	6-2	The plane went into a steep bank .	A huge bank of earth .
addition	N	1-1	The addition of a leap day every four years .	The addition of cinnamon improved the flavor .
float	V	0-2	Float data .	The dancer floated across the stage .
point	N	2-4	At that point I had to leave .	To fall off a point .
return	N	1-1	A return to one 's question .	The return of spring .
fall	N	12-1	When that became known the price of their stock went into free fall .	The fall of the House of Hapsburg .
raise	V	1-0	To raise a wall , or a heap of stones .	Raise a family .
light	N	4-7	He stepped into the light .	Hey , buddy , you got a light ?
fail	V	3-1	We must not fail his obligation to the victims of the Holocaust .	She failed in her obligations as a good daughter-in-law .
point	V	0-2	Point a chimney .	The gun points with ease .
turn	V	0-3	Turn on the spot .	The wheels are turning .
open	V	2-2	Vermont will open elk hunting season next week .	An opportunity opened up .
flap	N	4-1	He wrote on the flap of the envelope .	The flap of a wing .
development	N	1-5	The development and printing of his pictures took only two hours .	After he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter .
care	V	3-2	He does n't care about how / whether she comes .	I really care about my work .
wash	V	2-3	Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?	The swollen river washed away the footbridge .
wing	N	4-6	They are the progressive wing of the Republican Party .	He preferred the drumsticks to the wings .
field	N	1-4	Oil field .	He longed for the fields of his youth .
extract	V	0-0	Extract information from the telegram .	Extract a bad tooth .
commission	N	5-4	The motor was out of commission .	Put the ships into commission .
place	N	4-1	This is a nice place for a picnic .	A place in my heart .
extend	V	0-0	Extend the casserole with a little rice .	Extend my greetings .
check	N	3-6	They made a check of their equipment .	He paid all his bills by check .
grave	N	7-4	He put flowers on his mother 's grave .	He went to his grave without forgiving me .
process	N	1-3	The process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls .	Events now in process .
set	N	1-1	A set of teeth .	A set of books .
trade	V	2-2	Will you trade your precious watch for my earring ?	The stock traded around $ 20 a share .
progress	N	1-4	Great progress in the arts .	He listened for the progress of the troops .
catch	V	2-0	Do n't catch your meaning .	Catch some sleep .
offer	V	0-1	Offer prayers to the gods .	He offered his opinion .
prise	V	10-11	1919 : I think he must have been trying to prise open that box yonder when he was attacked . — Sax Rohmer , The Quest of the Sacred Slipper .	C. 1925 : Come , force the gates with crowbars , prise them apart ! — Jack Lindsay , translation of Lysistrata .
range	N	5-7	The army maintains a missile range in the desert .	Any good golf club will have a range where you can practice .
matter	N	6-1	Physicists study both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it .	Printed matter .
volume	N	1-1	The volume of ticket sales decreased this week .	The volume of exports .
surface	N	7-6	The facts had been brought to the surface .	Three quarters of the Earth 's surface is covered by water .
interest	N	4-3	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .	In the common interest .
sign	N	4-3	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .	Those clouds show signs of raining soon .
scene	N	3-5	The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .	Their parting was a sad scene .
luck	N	4-5	Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday — he got pick - pocketed and lost fifty dollars .	I could n't believe my luck when I found a fifty dollar bill on the street .
draw	V	0-1	Draw a card .	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange .
limitation	N	16-2	The lawyer obtained impunity by dragging his obviously guilty client 's case beyond the 10 years limitation .	Statute of limitations .
behave	V	10-5	His mother threatened to spank him if he did n't behave .	The children must learn to behave .
render	V	0-3	Render fat in a casserole .	They had to render the estate .
stress	N	4-12	Some people put the stress on the first syllable of “ controversy ” ; others put it on the second .	Go easy on him , he 's been under a lot of stress lately .
inventory	N	10-4	They stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory .	Due to an undersized inventory at the Boston outlet , customers had to travel to Providence to find the item .
apology	N	5-5	He wrote a letter of apology to the hostess .	The CEO made a public apology for the scandal , and promised full cooperation with the authorities .
cover	V	0-9	Cover her face with a handkerchief .	Count the cash in the drawer twice just to cover yourself .
run	V	3-2	The sale will run for ten days .	The film runs 5 hours .
melt	V	13-0	When the weather is warm , the snowman will disappear ; he will melt .	Melt butter .
sophisticate	V	11-3	Yet Butler professes to stick to plain facts , not to sophisticate , not to refine . — M. Arnold .	Their manners had sophisticated the young girls .
know	V	1-1	I know him under a different name .	We know this movie .
wander	V	1-2	To wander over the fields .	Jews were wandering .
wall	N	2-1	The south wall had a small window .	Stomach walls .
break	V	10-1	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	He broke the glass plate .
stream	N	0-1	Stream of consciousness .	A stream of people emptied from the terminal .
give	V	4-1	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .	He gives of his energies to the organization .
draw	V	7-2	A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .	The nurse drew blood .
fall	V	0-1	Fall prey to an imposter .	She fell ill .
tell	V	2-7	Can you tell whether those flowers are real or silk , from this distance ?	No , there 's no way to tell .
crack	V	1-1	To crack a whip .	Registrations cracked through the 30,000 mark in the county .
experience	N	3-4	It was an experience he would not soon forget .	He had a religious experience .
way	N	2-7	Come this way and I 'll show you a shortcut .	He said he was looking for the way out .
substitute	V	5-3	The young teacher had to substitute for the sick colleague .	The skim milk substitutes for cream -- we are on a strict diet .
scale	N	5-11	They entertained on a grand scale .	The magnitude of an earthquake is measured on the open-ended Richter scale .
suspect	V	1-1	I suspect he is a fugitive .	To suspect the presence of disease .
suffer	V	6-1	We hope you never have to suffer the same pain .	He suffered the penalty .
account	N	9-8	He asked to see the executive who handled his account .	He predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance .
party	N	1-2	The party of the first part .	The green party took 12 % of the vote .
offer	V	0-4	Offer prayers to the gods .	The Shakespeare Company is offering ` King Lear ' this month .
support	N	6-3	They developed a scheme of mutual support .	The government provides support to the arts in several ways .
catch	V	3-1	Ears open to catch every sound .	I caught the aroma of coffee .
say	V	4-2	What does the law say ?	The registrar says that I owe the school money .
ditch	V	0-0	Ditch a plane .	Ditch a car .
history	N	7-0	A critical time in the school 's history .	History repeats itself if we do n't learn from its mistakes .
roll	V	0-2	Roll out the paper .	The drawer rolled open .
follow	V	2-3	We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba .	A terrible tsunami followed the earthquake .
masquerade	N	1-3	That masquerade of misrepresentation which invariably accompanied the political eloquence of Rome-Thomas de Quincey .	A beggar 's masquerade of wealth .
be	V	2-1	I may be an hour .	Where is my umbrella ? " " The toolshed is in the back .
action	N	6-2	The piano had a very stiff action .	Recent federal action undermined the segregationist position .
stiff	N	2-2	A working stiff .	A lucky stiff .
language	N	12-0	The speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written .	Language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals .
deal	N	4-9	It was a package deal .	He rose to prominence through a series of shady deals .
drill	V	0-2	Drill for oil .	Do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe .
course	N	4-5	The ship changed its course 15 degrees towards south .	The river takes a southern course .
draw	V	0-0	Draw water from a well .	Draw parallels .
have	V	5-0	The only girl who would have him was the miller 's daughter .	Have a lover .
apply	V	0-1	Apply for a job .	She applied for college .
face	N	4-4	Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .	They climbed the north face of the mountain .
rest	N	4-8	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .	A body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon .
exclude	V	1-4	To exclude young animals from the womb or from eggs .	The unruly student was excluded from the game .
line	N	3-4	He drew a line on the chart .	His face has many lines .
light	N	3-7	There was a light at every corner .	They played as long as it was light .
hour	N	7-3	The job will take more than an hour .	I spent an hour at lunch .
get	V	3-1	You need to get permission to leave early .	He got 5 years in prison .
consult	V	2-7	You should consult the dictionary .	Men forgot , or feared , to consult .
turn	V	0-0	Turn your palm this way .	Turn a key .
drag	V	0-1	Drag this icon to the lower right hand corner of the screen .	He dragged the big suitcase behind him .
leave	V	3-0	She did n't leave until midnight .	Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .
check	V	0-0	Check into the rumor .	Check the time of the class .
stage	N	1-2	The stage pulled into town carrying the payroll for the mill and three ladies .	At what stage are the social sciences ?
extension	N	4-0	The wire has an extension of 50 feet .	Extension of the program to all in need .
stand	V	3-2	We had to stand for the entire performance !	The statue stood on the corner .
rate	N	2-1	The literacy rate .	The rate of production at the factory is skyrocketing .
disperse	V	0-3	Disperse particles .	The Jews are dispersed among all nations .
wound	N	7-8	Deep in her breast lives the silent wound .	He feared that mentioning it might reopen the wound .
cover	V	3-2	Does my policy cover accidental loss ?	The female covers the eggs .
variant	N	7-1	The word " kerosine " is a variant of “ kerosene ” .	A variant of the same word .
volume	N	8-4	The letter " G " was found in volume 4 .	Please turn down the volume on the stereo .
set	N	1-4	A set of golf clubs .	He gave a final set to his hat .
click	V	2-0	Xhosa speakers click .	Click ! The door opened .
tone	N	5-5	He spoke in a nervous tone of voice .	He began in a conversational tone .
heart	N	3-3	A five-pound beef heart will serve six .	He drew a heart and called it a valentine .
remove	V	0-1	Remove a threat .	He removed the marbles from the bag .
go	V	2-2	Messages must go through diplomatic channels .	We should go farther in this matter .
wall	N	4-1	We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .	The walls were covered with pictures .
leave	V	0-5	Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .	Unfortunately , this cleaning product leaves behind a noticeable residue .
difference	N	1-8	The difference in her is amazing .	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .
go	V	2-5	Can I go now ?	It 's your turn ; go .
stretch	V	2-0	Let 's stretch for a minute -- we've been sitting here for over 3 hours .	Stretch your arms out above your head .
burn	V	0-2	Burn garbage .	She was burning with anger .
edge	N	1-3	The edge of the leaf is wavy .	The water 's edge .
arouse	V	1-0	To arouse anger .	Arouse pity .
catch	V	2-3	Did you catch that allusion ?	I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock .
drink	N	5-4	Can I buy you a drink ?	He jumped into the drink and had to be rescued .
run	V	4-6	The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .	If you see this man , run !
wall	N	1-2	A wall of water .	The south wall had a small window .
cover	V	4-3	The grant does n't cover my salary .	The second officer covered the top floor .
line	N	2-2	Toe the line .	A washing line .
translate	V	5-2	Is there a need to translate the psychiatrist 's remarks ?	Can you translate the instructions in this manual for a layman ?
do	V	3-5	What makes her do this way ?	A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school .
hurl	N	1-3	A hurl of abuse .	He managed a hurl of 50.3 metres .
admit	V	1-2	To admit a serious thought into the mind .	They were admitted into his house .
interrupt	V	2-1	Do n't interrupt me when I 'm reading .	We interrupt the program for the following messages .
admit	V	3-1	We can not admit non-members into our club building .	She admitted us .
account	N	8-1	He predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance .	The account of his speech that was given on the evening news made the governor furious .
carry	V	2-1	You must carry your camping gear .	Amanda carried the package from home .
strike	V	2-2	We will strike a medal in your honour .	The boxer struck the attacker dead .
make	V	3-0	This invention will make you a millionaire .	Make yourself clear .
light	N	8-1	I 'm really seeing you in a different light today .	The light of my life .
pay	V	0-0	Pay an obligation .	Pay a debt .
carry	V	0-1	Carry the suitcases to the car .	Amanda carried the package from home to New York .
dress	V	0-0	Dress a turkey .	Dress the patient .
carry	V	0-2	Carry the suitcases to the car .	These pipes carry waste water into the river .
pull	V	0-2	Pull a chicken .	The car pulls to the right .
drop	V	0-2	Drop him from the Republican ticket .	The cow dropped her calf this morning .
refill	N	5-3	The prescription specified only one refill .	He got a refill of his prescription .
area	N	3-0	It was his area of specialization .	Areas of interest include ...
society	N	9-5	It was then that they decided to found a society of didgeridoo-playing unicyclists .	They formed a small lunch society .
product	N	4-3	His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .	Skill is the product of hours of practice .
slack	N	5-2	Suddenly they were in a slack and the water was motionless .	A gradual slack in output .
focus	V	1-1	Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies .	We focused on reading the book .
reason	N	7-1	If you do n't give me a reason to go with you , I wo n't .	The reason that war was declared .
cry	V	6-1	That sad movie always makes me cry .	She cried bitterly when she heard the news of his death .
break	V	6-2	If the new teacher wo n't break , we 'll add some stress .	The clouds broke after the heavy downpour .
delivery	N	4-2	She had a difficult delivery .	His reluctant delivery of bad news .
place	N	4-1	He has a special place in my thoughts .	Your place or mine ?
picture	N	8-3	They could still receive the sound but the picture was gone .	She was the picture of despair .
study	N	4-4	He is a quick study .	No schools offer graduate study in interior design .
degree	N	6-10	A right angle is a ninety degree angle .	Most humans have a field of vision of almost 180 degrees .
come	V	0-2	Come out of the closet !	A scream came from the woman 's mouth .
pool	N	5-1	The body lay in a pool of blood .	The pools of Solomon .
throw	V	2-0	Have , throw , or make a party .	Throw a javelin .
concern	N	8-4	The employees ' attitude is really hurting the concern .	A racially integrated business concern .
shed	V	0-1	Shed your clothes .	He shed his image as a pushy boss .
head	N	3-9	He stuck his head out the window .	Be careful when you pet that dog on the head ; it may bite .
enthalpy	N	0-10	Enthalpy is the amount of energy in a system capable of doing mechanical work .	H = U + p V , where H is enthalpy , U is internal energy , p is pressure , and V is volume .
underestimate	V	2-1	Do n't underestimate the danger of such a raft trip on this river .	He underestimated the work that went into the renovation .
respect	N	7-2	He went to law school out of respect for his father 's wishes .	He inspires respect .
scene	N	3-5	The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .	The first act has three scenes .
rest	N	7-5	The gun was steadied on a special rest .	The ocean was finally at rest .
break	V	0-2	Break a branch from a tree .	The twig broke off the branch .
enemy	N	5-1	Rally together against a common enemy .	The enemy attacked at dawn .
eyeball	V	6-7	A good cook can often just eyeball the correct quantities of ingredients .	Each geometric construction must be exact ; eyeballing it and getting close does not count .
boy	N	1-3	The boys were playing kickball in the mud .	She made the boy brush his teeth every night .
part	N	1-1	The part of his hair was slightly to the left .	His part was right in the middle .
have	V	5-0	How many cars does she have ?	Have an assistant .
devotion	N	1-1	The devotion of his time and wealth to science .	Their devotion to each other was beautiful .
ski	V	3-4	We love to ski the Rockies .	My children do n't ski .
fun	N	5-2	They began to fight like fun .	He was fun to be with .
feeling	N	5-3	The surface had a greasy feeling .	She had a feeling of euphoria .
have	V	3-0	I wo n't have this dog in my house !	Have , throw , or make a party .
mean	V	9-3	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .
dullness	N	3-3	There was a dullness in his heart .	Without him the dullness of her life crept into her work no matter how she tried to compartmentalize it .
furniture	N	9-2	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .	How much furniture did they leave behind ?
shag	N	4-3	The dog 's woolly shag .	He bought a shag rug .
stage	N	14-7	An early movie simply showed a long kiss by two actors of the contemporary stage .	We went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles .
degree	N	13-3	She has two bachelor 's degrees and is studying towards a master 's degree .	He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude .
coverage	N	11-3	The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?	The dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent .
keep	V	9-1	Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on .	We kept the work going as long as we could .
drive	V	0-2	Drive the game .	She finally drove him to change jobs .
touch	N	2-9	The cooling touch of the night air .	Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .
space	N	5-5	Write your name in the space provided .	It all happened in the space of 10 minutes .
habit	N	4-3	It 's become a habit of mine to have a cup of coffee after dinner .	It was their habit to dine at 7 every evening .
have	V	0-1	Have a lover .	We had a hard year last year , with the locust swarms and all that .
use	V	0-3	Use your head !	I ca n't use this tool .
enormity	N	5-3	In careful usage the noun enormity is not used to express the idea of great size .	Universities recognized the enormity of their task .
tea	N	0-6	Tea has fragrant white flowers .	We met at the Dean 's tea for newcomers .
impression	N	5-3	I wanted to create an impression of success .	He watched the impression of the seal on the hot wax .
certainty	N	4-1	His victory is a certainty .	His certainty reassured the others .
touch	V	3-0	He could not touch the meaning of the poem .	Touch the stone for good luck .
field	N	3-0	The farmer 's field was a civil war battleground , and relics such a minnie bullets were frequently found while plowing .	Field of view .
extend	V	0-2	Extend a hand .	My land extends over the hills on the horizon .
pick	V	0-0	Pick up the tab .	Pick up the burden of high-interest mortgages .
support	V	3-2	He does not support his natural children .	The scholarship supported me when I was in college .
action	N	2-11	The Union action of emancipating Southern slaves .	The United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues .
unit	N	1-2	A unit of wheat is a bushel .	Change per unit volume .
make	V	3-6	They hope to make a bigger profit .	You have to spend money to make money !
fish	N	5-10	The shark is a large fish .	In the living room there was a tank of colorful fish .
come	V	3-2	Your wish will come true .	The shoes came untied .
drive	V	0-2	Drive a car or bus .	She finally drove him to change jobs .
shift	V	3-0	You have to shift when you go down a steep hill .	Shift one 's position .
construction	N	4-5	He had worked in construction all his life .	Their main business is home construction .
view	V	0-0	View a show on television .	View an exhibition .
trust	N	7-3	He is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father .	He betrayed their trust .
unit	N	1-6	A unit of wheat is a bushel .	The dollar is the United States unit of currency .
work	V	0-5	Work your way through every problem or task .	Start from the bottom and work towards the top .
kill	V	0-4	Kill a motion .	These new shoes are killing me !
admit	V	1-2	To admit a serious thought into the mind .	A ticket admits one into a playhouse .
apply	V	1-3	I apply this rule to get good results .	This thinking was applied to many projects .
last	N	4-3	He finished an inglorious last .	He was the last to leave .
court	N	7-7	The noblemen visited the queen in her court .	The king will visit the duke 's court .
make	V	3-4	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
head	N	3-1	They shot 20 head of quail .	200 head of cattle .
mount	V	0-0	Mount an attack .	Mount a play .
teach	V	2-1	Can you teach me to sew ?	I taught them French .
match	V	4-4	Their interests did n't match , so it took a long time to agree what to do together .	Matchmaker , can you match my daughter with a nice young man ?
militate	V	1-1	To militate in favor of a particular result .	Politeness militated against this opinion being expressed .
range	N	6-5	We hiked through the Andes mountain range .	The valley was between two ranges of hills .
compare	V	3-1	You ca n't compare my problems and yours .	John compared his haircut to his friend 's .
dibs	N	3-0	Who 's got dibs on the chips ?	Dibs means I get the hammock .
top	N	6-4	He stared as she buttoned her top .	Put your books on top of the desk .
catch	V	11-0	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .	Catch some sleep .
wall	N	4-1	We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .	Stomach walls .
line	N	6-4	You must wait in a long line at the checkout counter .	He has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it .
bum	N	9-4	That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !	Fred is becoming a bum - he 's not even bothering to work more than once a month .
propagate	V	0-3	Propagate sound or light through air .	Sound and light propagate in this medium .
drop	V	2-1	New Englanders drop their post-vocalic r 's .	She dropped acid when she was a teenager .
reduce	V	0-2	Reduce a problem to a single question .	The cells reduce .
work	V	4-4	This method does n't work .	How does your idea work in practice ?
unit	N	6-6	The dollar is the United States unit of currency .	The word is a basic linguistic unit .
wash	V	9-3	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .	The swollen river washed away the footbridge .
poison	N	3-1	We used a poison to kill the weeds .	The poison of fascism .
feeling	N	5-8	The surface had a greasy feeling .	The wool on my arm produced a strange feeling .
drink	N	5-0	Can I buy you a drink ?	Drink was his downfall .
movement	N	2-7	A broad movement of the electorate to the right .	He was a charter member of the movement .
confluence	N	7-5	We encountered an abandoned boat at the confluence of the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers .	Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers .
admit	V	3-2	We can not admit non-members into our club building .	They were admitted into his house .
syrup	N	1-1	Maple syrup .	Pancake syrup .
face	N	6-3	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .	Why the sad face ?
application	N	6-7	It is a job requiring serious application .	December 31 is the deadline for MBA applications .
be	V	4-1	When will the meeting be ?	There were two hundred people at his funeral .
unravel	V	2-3	Can you unravel the mystery ?	Mother could n't unravel the ball of wool after the cat had played with it .
end	N	1-1	The end of the year .	The end was exciting .
summer	V	3-3	We like to summer in the Mediterranean .	My family always summered at the seashore .
empathize	V	4-4	You really have to empathize .	You really have to empathize with their doing it .
play	V	0-0	Play football .	Play cards .
smile	N	4-4	He has a sinister smile .	He always puts a smile on my face .
component	N	1-2	A component or constituent element of a system .	The smaller component is hard to reach .
point	N	4-5	To fall off a point .	The one with the most points will win the game .
raise	V	0-8	Raise a smile .	Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?
line	N	4-3	They were arrayed in line of battle .	He drew a line on the chart .
term	N	7-2	He left school before the end of term .	A prison term .
life	N	1-3	The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .	There is no life on the moon .
drift	V	2-3	Do n't drift from the set course .	The stock market drifted upward .
raise	V	0-0	Raise hell .	Raise the roof .
year	N	2-3	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .	She is 4 years old .
store	V	0-2	Store grain for the winter .	The bear stores fat for the period of hibernation when he does n't eat .
stir	V	0-0	Stir the soup .	Stir emotions .
masquerade	N	5-1	I was invited to the masquerade at their home .	That masquerade of misrepresentation which invariably accompanied the political eloquence of Rome-Thomas de Quincey .
connect	V	5-4	The local train does not connect with the Amtrak train .	The planes do n't connect and you will have to wait for four hours .
head	N	7-2	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .	Under the head of minor Roman poets .
give	V	0-0	Give one 's opinion .	Give an excuse .
waste	N	3-2	Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers .	The trackless wastes of the desert .
play	V	2-1	Can you play on this old recorder ?	He plays the flute .
year	N	2-3	In the year 1920 .	She is 4 years old .
chair	N	9-21	He put his coat over the back of the chair and sat down .	All I need to weather a snowstorm is hot coffee , a warm fire , a good book and a comfortable chair .
flare	N	5-2	Infection can cause a lupus flare .	A colitis flare .
satellite	N	5-2	The Moon is a natural satellite of the Earth .	Many telecommunication satellites orbit at 36000 km above the equator .
hyponym	N	3-3	A is a hyponym of B means that " A is a type of B. " .	British is a hyponym of European .
ball	N	6-1	The mayor threw out the first ball .	The ball rolled into the corner pocket .
impression	N	4-5	He made a good impression .	I wanted to create an impression of success .
monopoly	N	3-2	They have no monopoly on intelligence .	A land monopoly renders its holder(s ) nearly almighty in an agricultural society .
freeze	V	11-5	Do n't go outside wearing just a t-shirt ; you 'll freeze !	The water in the bowl froze .
beat	V	0-0	Beat the cream .	Beat the egg whites .
identity	N	4-7	You can lose your identity when you join the army .	It was too dark to determine his identity .
start	N	4-4	He awoke with a start .	He woke with a start .
throw	V	0-1	Throw a frisbee .	Jane threw dinner together .
right	N	3-9	You have no right to go through my personal diary .	They are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights .
feel	V	6-1	My cold is gone -- I feel fine today .	She felt sad after her loss .
snow	V	3-2	It started to snow .	It was snowing all night .
have	V	5-3	The only girl who would have him was the miller 's daughter .	I wo n't have this dog in my house !
stand	V	2-2	Can you stand the bookshelf up ?	The law stands !
stand	V	2-2	Here I stand , wondering what to do next .	I am standing my ground and wo n't give in !
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	He is a herpetologist .
sign	N	4-3	The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .	They welcomed the signs of spring .
stand	V	3-1	We had to stand for the entire performance !	They stood the statue on the pedestal .
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	It has been three years since my grandmother died . ( similar to My grandmother died three years ago , but emphasizes the intervening period ) .
product	N	8-6	We 've got to sell a lot of product by the end of the month .	That store offers a variety of products .
grow	V	3-2	That acorn will grow into an oak tree .	The gardener grew that acorn into an oak tree .
spring	N	3-8	I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .	The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring .
break	V	4-4	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .	News of her death broke in the morning .
trial	N	1-6	A trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain .	A sample for ten days free trial .
carry	V	1-1	I carry her image in my mind 's eye .	I carry a lot of life insurance .
get	V	2-4	Did you get it ?	I just do n't get him .
case	N	5-3	It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled .	Latin has six cases , and remnants of a seventh .
point	V	6-2	If he asks for food , point him toward the refrigerator .	The dog pointed the dead duck .
tea	N	7-4	Go to the supermarket and buy some tea .	Would you like some tea ?
implement	V	0-14	Implement a procedure .	It 's a good thought , but it will be a difficult thing to implement .
extend	V	2-0	Can we extend the legs of this dining table ?	Extend the TV antenna .
shock	N	4-8	He was numb with shock .	The old car needed a new set of shocks .
concern	N	9-3	The safety of the ship is the captain 's concern .	She felt strong concern for those less fortunate .
change	N	3-3	He attributed the change to their marriage .	Can I get change for this $ 100 bill please ?
tell	V	1-1	I tell you that man is a crook !	Ellen told Helen about the situation .
charge	V	3-2	I need to charge my car battery .	The teacher charged the children to memorize the poem .
monopoly	N	1-4	A monopoly on silver .	When you have a monopoly you can ask any price you like .
mean	V	1-3	I mean no harm .	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .
smile	N	5-3	She 's got a perfect smile .	She had a smile on her face .
face	V	0-3	Face the lapels of the jacket .	An enormous dilemma faces us .
know	V	1-6	I know it 's time .	It is vital that he not know .
purge	V	0-0	Purge the water .	Purge your mind .
do	V	3-5	Will $ 100 do ?	A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school .
unravel	V	2-11	Can you unravel the mystery ?	Stop playing with the seam of the tablecloth ! You will unravel it .
silence	N	3-4	He gestured for silence .	There was a shocked silence .
line	N	2-9	A shared line .	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .
order	N	6-5	The machine is now in working order .	He put his desk in order .
make	V	4-1	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house-cleaning .
beat	V	0-0	Beat one 's breast .	Beat one 's foot rhythmically .
floor	N	1-7	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .	They needed rugs to cover the bare floors .
cut	V	3-2	The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .	The car cut to the left at the intersection .
hegemony	N	7-1	The consolidation of the United States ' hegemony over a new international economic system .	The hegemony of a single member state is not incompatible with a genuine confederation .
cover	V	8-2	When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .	The course covered all of Western Civilization .
strike	V	0-0	Strike coins .	Strike a pose .
admit	V	1-1	To admit a serious thought into the mind .	She admitted us .
flatten	V	14-2	As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .	Mary would flatten the dough before rolling it into pretzels .
time	N	7-4	He was a great actor in his time .	He waited a long time .
melt	V	0-2	Melt butter .	The wax melted in the sun .
stick	N	6-6	The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .	Fever left him weak on his sticks .
door	N	3-7	Education is the door to success .	I knocked on the vice president 's door .
charge	N	4-2	There will be a charge of five dollars .	The admission charge .
crown	V	0-2	Crown my teeth .	The speech crowned the meeting .
figure	N	1-7	A figure of $ 17 was suggested .	The area covered can be seen from Figure 2 .
change	N	8-5	I paid with a twenty and pocketed the change .	The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .
take	V	1-3	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .	I do n't take sugar in my coffee .
work	V	4-2	This method does n't work .	The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water .
voice	N	3-2	The wee small voice of conscience .	The incessant voices of the artillery .
hand	N	2-3	The big hand counts the minutes .	On the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...
gob	N	5-6	He ′s always stuffing his gob with fast food .	Oi , you , shut your gob !
hand	N	3-6	Give me a hand with the chores .	He kept trying to see my hand .
basket	N	6-4	The point guard drove toward the basket .	Let 's play some basket .
product	N	8-1	We 've got to sell a lot of product by the end of the month .	The product of 2 and 3 is 6 .
supplant	V	4-3	Will online dictionaries ever supplant paper dictionaries ?	The computer has supplanted the slide rule .
block	N	4-4	He reserved a large block of seats .	He held a large block of the company 's stock .
carry	V	0-1	Carry the suitcases to the car .	Amanda carried the package to New York .
shade	N	8-8	An achievement that puts everything else in the shade .	His brother 's success left him in the shade .
ride	V	2-3	Do n't ride the clutch !	Did you ever ride a camel ?
opening	N	4-6	He slipped through an opening in the crowd .	A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .
sake	N	2-3	For the sake of argument .	Died for the sake of his country .
help	V	2-10	This will help to prevent accidents .	I served him three times , and after that he helped himself .
system	N	9-4	We ca n't do it unless we establish some system around here .	The body has a system of organs for digestion .
light	N	7-7	Hey , buddy , you got a light ?	Although he saw it in a different light , he still did not understand .
slowcoach	N	7-2	In England they call a slowpoke a slowcoach .	Hey you slowcoaches in the back ! Get a move on !
make	V	3-3	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	They hope to make a bigger profit .
model	N	4-1	He is the very model of a modern major general .	A model of clarity .
stick	V	0-0	Stick your thumb in the crack .	Stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it .
disengage	V	3-0	I want to disengage myself from his influence .	Disengage the gears .
round	V	0-1	Round off the amount .	Ninety-five rounds up to one hundred .
beat	V	0-3	Beat on the door .	The sun was beating down on us .
breath	N	2-4	Not a breath of scandal ever touched her .	There was n't a breath of air in the room .
inventory	N	10-4	They stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory .	They carried a vast inventory of hardware .
sound	V	5-0	Mariners on sailing ships would sound the depth of the water with a weighted rope .	Sound the alarm .
system	N	5-1	He tried to understand their system of classification .	The system consists of a motor and a small computer .
vicinity	N	5-6	The plane crashed in the vicinity of Asheville .	There is a hurricane in the vicinity of the Bahamas .
course	N	5-3	The government took a firm course .	He took a course in basket weaving .
catch	V	3-11	I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock .	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .
gift	N	5-3	The office is in the gift of the President .	She had a gift for playing the flute .
deal	N	7-4	He 's a master of the business deal .	He got a good deal on his car .
reaction	N	8-9	The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .	You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?
image	N	7-1	The company tried to project an altruistic image .	The image of f(x ) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers .
catch	N	2-5	He played catch with his son in the backyard .	The kids love to play catch .
disposition	N	4-3	He has a happy disposition .	I have little disposition now to do as you say .
tell	V	1-1	Please tell me how to do it .	Ellen told Helen about the situation .
end	N	1-1	One end of the box was marked ` This side up ' .	The ends justify the means .
side	N	5-4	He is on the purchasing side of the business .	Look on the bright side .
rest	N	4-4	He threw away the rest .	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .
load	V	0-1	Load the camera .	He loaded carbs into his system before the marathon .
answer	V	0-1	Answer the telephone .	She answered the door .
patch	N	6-16	The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .	The storms last summer washed away parts of the road so we can expect some rough patches up ahead .
catch	V	0-0	Catch fire .	Catch the mood .
wall	N	1-1	The wall followed the road .	Stomach walls .
break	V	5-1	The horse was tough to break .	I broke in the new intern .
shoot	V	0-0	Shoot craps .	Shoot a movie .
develop	V	0-6	Develop a market for the new mobile phone .	Many countries in Asia are now developing at a very fast pace .
academy	N	2-2	The military academy at West Point .	The French Academy .
quarrel	N	5-3	We got into a silly quarrel about what food to order .	They had a quarrel .
surface	N	11-5	The cloth had a pattern of red dots on a white surface .	Earthquakes originate far below the surface .
choice	N	1-7	Your choice of colors was unfortunate .	The ice cream sundae is a popular choice for dessert .
develop	V	0-2	Develop a market for the new mobile phone .	We must develop more potential customers .
application	N	1-4	The application of maximum thrust .	Massage has far-reaching medical applications .
ease	N	6-5	They put it into containers for ease of transportation .	A life of luxury and ease .
connection	N	4-3	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .	There was a connection via the internet .
song	N	1-5	The song of the wind .	Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday .
nose	N	6-7	Red Rum only won by a nose .	My horse lost the race by a nose .
home	N	7-5	He grew up in a good Christian home .	There 's no place like home .
follow	V	1-2	Please follow the guide through the museum .	The ducklings followed their mother around the pond .
induct	V	5-4	There was a ceremony to induct the president of the Academy .	The young geisha was inducted into the ways of her profession .
stimulate	V	0-2	Stimulate my appetite .	This play stimulates .
day	N	2-2	In the day of the dinosaurs .	In the days of the Roman Empire .
thing	N	4-6	To say the same thing in other terms .	How can you say such a thing ?
touch	N	3-6	He got in touch with his colleagues .	This room needs a woman 's touch .
back	N	1-4	The back of the dental chair was adjustable .	He stood at the back of the stage .
answer	V	2-4	This may answer her needs .	A few words would answer .
loaf	N	1-1	Meat loaf .	A loaf of cheese .
wall	N	6-5	Competition was pushing them to the wall .	The wind blew against the walls of the tent .
port	V	0-11	Port a rifle .	.. the angelic squadron ... began to hem him round with ported spears . — Milton , Paradise Lost ( 1667 ) , book IV .
reflection	N	2-3	After careful reflection , I have decided not to vote for that proposition .	He studied his reflection in the mirror .
call	V	4-4	Why do n't you call me in the morning ?	Why do n't you call tomorrow ?
tease	V	0-2	Tease wool .	The children teased the new teacher .
take	V	2-3	Do you take me for a fool ?	How should I take this message ?
lie	V	0-2	Lie dormant .	The snow lies on the roof .
effect	N	4-5	She retained that bold effect in her reproductions of the original painting .	He just did it for effect .
side	N	7-6	The patient was bleeding on the right side .	He had a pain in his side .
crack	V	1-6	To crack a whip .	The performance was fine until he cracked that dead baby joke .
sign	N	4-2	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .	He showed signs of strain .
run	N	7-13	The assembly line was on a 12-hour run .	He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three-day run .
analyze	V	0-0	Analyze a specimen .	Analyze a sentence .
label	N	6-1	We laughed at her because the label was still on her new sweater .	The label says this silk scarf should not be washed in the washing machine .
system	N	3-2	In a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface .	A vast system of production and distribution and consumption keep the country going .
side	N	10-4	The hypotenuse of a right triangle is always the longest side .	They painted all four sides of the house .
think	V	1-1	I think she is pretty , contrary to most people .	I think he is very smart .
system	N	1-3	A system generating hydrogen peroxide .	In a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface .
audience	N	4-3	The broadcast reached an audience of millions .	He requested an audience with the king .
goal	N	2-2	The winning goal came with less than a minute left to play .	My lifelong goal is to get into a Hollywood movie .
floor	N	2-1	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .	The floor of the pelvis .
canvas	N	5-7	The movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound .	The boxer picked himself up off the canvas .
mouth	N	3-4	He stuffed his mouth with candy .	He rode into the mouth of the canyon .
laugh	V	4-1	Paul made a cheerful laugh .	Paul laughed at Mary .
session	N	2-5	A gossip session .	Are we having a recording session ? " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . " .
occasion	N	9-6	Having people round for dinner was always quite an occasion at our house .	It was needed only on special occasions .
act	V	6-2	The breaks of my new car act quickly .	The dog acts ferocious , but he is really afraid of people .
resistance	N	6-8	He encountered a general feeling of resistance from many citizens .	These trees are widely planted because of their resistance to salt and smog .
view	N	7-6	He changed seat to get a complete view of the stage .	He tried to get a better view of it .
consult	V	2-4	You should consult the dictionary .	They were content to consult libraries . - William Whewell .
fall	V	0-1	Fall into a trap .	She fell ill .
business	N	6-15	Computers are now widely used in business .	He 's such a poor cook , I ca n't believe he 's still in business !
image	N	1-5	The image of f(x ) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers .	The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x ) = 2*x .
change	N	1-3	The change of government had no impact on the economy .	He inspected several changes before selecting one .
body	N	2-7	The student body .	They moved their arms and legs and bodies .
talk	V	4-1	They sat down to talk business .	We talk French sometimes .
repair	V	4-1	One can never fully repair the suffering and losses of the Jews in the Third Reich .	He repaired to his cabin in the woods .
drive	V	1-3	You drive nails into wood with a hammer .	Their debts finally drove them to sell the business .
charge	N	6-3	The battle began with a cavalry charge .	The newspaper published charges that Jones was guilty of drunken driving .
origin	N	0-1	Origin in sensation .	Vegetable origins .
check	V	8-0	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .	Check the oil in your car once a month .
stroke	N	4-6	The pregnancy was a stroke of bad luck .	She applied the paint in careful strokes .
light	N	3-10	Follow God 's light .	Magoon 's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter .
hold	V	2-2	I 'll hold you by your promise .	He 's held by a contract .
book	N	5-3	They run things by the book around here .	She opened the book to page 37 and began to read aloud .
connect	V	2-1	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	Herman connected the computers together .
image	N	7-3	The company tried to project an altruistic image .	Although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry .
grace	N	2-4	God 's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners .	There but for the grace of God go I .
keep	V	0-1	Keep food for a week in the pantry .	She keeps a sixpack and a week 's worth of supplies in the refrigerator .
support	N	5-6	His faith was all the support he needed .	They developed a scheme of mutual support .
skeleton	N	5-2	The battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self .	The bare skeleton of a novel .
back	N	1-4	His back was nicely tanned .	He stood at the back of the stage .
lift	V	0-0	Lift my spirits .	Lift his ego .
think	V	3-1	She did n't think to harm me .	I thought for three hours about the problem and still could n't find the solution .
convert	V	0-0	Convert slaves to laborers .	Convert lead into gold .
play	V	0-1	Play games .	He plays on three teams .
company	N	5-7	The house was filled with company when I arrived .	Keep the house clean ; I have company coming .
variant	N	1-5	A variant of the same word .	All breeds of dog are variants of the species “ Canis lupus familiaris ” .
bite	N	4-12	The government 's weekly bite from my paycheck .	After just one night in the jungle I was covered with mosquito bites .
life	N	5-1	The oceans are teeming with life .	Social life .
execute	V	1-2	To execute a difficult piece of music brilliantly .	The skater executed a triple pirouette .
backup	N	12-3	After the power failure , we had to restore the database from backup .	He made a backup in case the original was accidentally damaged or erased .
story	N	6-1	Our shop was on the fourth story of the building , so we had to install an elevator .	The story of exposure to lead .
court	N	6-7	The girls were playing in the court .	The house was built around an inner court .
play	V	3-3	I used to play with trucks as a little girl .	The kids were playing outside all day .
hearing	N	1-1	His hearing was impaired .	My hearing is n't what it used to be , but I still heard that noise .
mean	V	1-1	I mean no harm .	I meant to take the car in for a smog check , but it slipped my mind .
cover	V	3-0	Does my policy cover accidental loss ?	Cover the meat with a lot of gravy .
concoction	N	6-4	She has no peer in the concoction of mystery stories .	His testimony was a concoction .
derivation	N	5-3	He prefers shoes of Italian derivation .	Music of Turkish derivation .
charge	V	2-0	Can I charge this purchase ?	Charge a conductor .
furniture	N	2-6	How much furniture did they leave behind ?	There was only one piece of furniture in the room .
strike	V	2-0	We will strike a medal in your honour .	Strike a medal .
leave	V	0-3	Leave the room .	She wants to leave .
miracle	N	4-6	An example of a miracle associated with Muhammad is the splitting of the moon .	Many religious beliefs are based on miracles .
unionize	V	11-13	The company laid off all the workers when they tried to unionize .	We do n't allow people to come into our plant and try to unionize the workers .
press	V	1-3	To press a crowd back .	This guy can press 300 pounds .
song	N	1-5	The song of bullets was in the air .	He bought it for a song .
set	N	7-1	His instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set .	A set of tools .
smoke	N	3-5	It was just smoke and mirrors .	He showed batters nothing but smoke .
foot	N	3-1	He followed on foot .	The foot of the mountain .
arouse	V	1-1	To arouse anger .	To arouse compassion .
tolerate	V	13-2	I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .	I can tolerate working on Saturdays , but not on Sundays .
affinity	N	1-2	An affinity for politics .	James 's affinity with Sam .
leave	V	0-1	Leave it as is .	I left my keys inside the car and locked the doors .
hit	V	2-2	The thermometer hit 100 degrees .	The movie hits theaters in December .
vouch	V	1-1	I vouch for the quality of my products .	He vouched his words by his deeds .
pop	V	0-5	Pop the pizza into the microwave oven .	The man charged with murder popped a valium to calm his nerves .
fall	V	0-0	Fall into a trap .	Fall in love .
window	N	2-3	The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves .	They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded .
carry	V	1-1	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck .	He carried himself upright .
pit	V	0-2	Pit plums and cherries .	One must pit a peach to make it ready for a pie .
air	N	4-1	She was humming an air from Beethoven .	An air of mystery .
orbit	V	1-3	Electrons orbit the nucleus .	The planets are orbiting the sun .
death	N	5-1	He seemed more content in death than he had ever been in life .	Her death came as a terrible shock .
develop	V	0-2	Develop the rook .	The country developed into a mighty superpower .
order	N	5-3	The machinery is out of order .	IBM received an order for a hundred computers .
class	N	1-2	The class of 1982 was particularly noteworthy .	Early morning classes are always sleepy .
care	V	3-3	He does n't care about how / whether she comes .	I do n't care .
heart	N	1-5	The heart and soul of any democracy is its electorate .	You have n't got the heart for baseball .
mow	V	0-1	Mow the grass .	He mowed the lawn .
smear	V	0-5	Smear the wall with paint .	The opposition party attempted to smear the candidate by spreading incorrect and unverifiable rumors about their personal behavior .
taste	N	4-4	Arrogance and lack of taste contributed to his rapid success .	She enjoyed her brief taste of independence .
overkill	N	12-11	Should I give you yet more homework , or would that be overkill ?	24 hours of TV coverage of the US election verged on overkill .
camp	N	10-5	City kids get to see the country at a summer camp .	The living room was pure camp .
hand	N	2-3	A ranch hand .	Give him a hand .
translate	V	3-1	I have to translate when my in - laws from Austria visit the U.S.	Braque translated collage into oil .
charge	V	5-4	Will you pay cash or charge the purchase ?	How much do you charge for lunch ?
loss	N	6-7	It was written off as a loss .	Everyone expected him to win so his loss was a shock .
shortness	N	2-3	Can cause shortness of breath .	There was no shortness of money .
house	N	3-9	This is my house and my family 's ancestral home .	She felt she had to get out of the house .
surface	N	5-6	Earthquakes originate far below the surface .	Three quarters of the Earth 's surface is covered by water .
help	V	3-3	She could not help watching the sad spectacle .	This money will help the development of literacy in developing countries .
case	N	7-5	The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .	It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled .
drop	V	3-8	Shop til you drop .	A single shot was fired and the bird dropped from the sky .
visibility	N	1-1	The visibility from that angle was good .	Low visibility caused by fog .
case	N	3-14	It was a case of bad judgment .	For English , a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases , the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters .
feeling	N	4-3	I had a strange feeling in my leg .	She had a feeling of euphoria .
time	N	7-3	He was a great actor in his time .	He had a time holding back the tears .
draw	V	7-2	A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .	This horse draws well .
dozen	N	7-4	There should n't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write .	Can I have a dozen eggs , please ?
hand	N	6-5	I did n't hold a good hand all evening .	Objections were voiced on every hand .
attendance	N	3-10	A student 's attendance is an important factor in her grade .	The class sat down so that the teacher could take attendance .
fish	N	3-12	In Japan most fish is eaten raw .	After the scare about foot-and-mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat .
grade	N	0-4	Grade A milk .	He got a good grade on the test .
key	N	1-1	The key to winning a game .	The key to development is economic integration .
education	N	3-4	A girl 's education was less important than a boy 's .	He received no formal education .
reach	V	2-2	Our advertisements reach millions .	His hand reaches the river .
connect	V	3-2	This computer will connect well to the network .	These computers connected well .
fire	N	3-4	There was a fire at the school last night and the whole place burned down .	We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .
coverage	N	13-3	Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .	There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .
belong	V	4-5	These pages do n't belong .	The uniform looks like it belonged to a museum collection .
thing	N	1-4	This thing has got to end .	It is a remarkable thing .
crash	V	4-2	Will the stock market crash again ?	The economy crashed .
touch	N	5-2	This dish could use a touch of garlic .	At his touch the room filled with lights .
industry	N	1-2	American industry is making increased use of computers to control production .	Frugality and industry are still regarded as virtues .
fiddle	V	2-7	The reporter fiddle with the facts .	We found out that she had been fiddling for years .
arouse	V	1-1	To arouse jealousy .	To arouse compassion .
stretch	V	1-2	Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .
land	N	5-6	He built the house on land leased from the city .	There 's no work on the land any more .
lesson	N	5-3	The accident was a good lesson to me .	He did the lesson for today .
hold	N	4-3	She kept a firm hold on the railing .	Keep a firm hold on the handlebars .
change	N	5-5	The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .	This storm is certainly a change for the worse .
grace	N	5-8	It was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church .	I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .
raise	V	0-8	Raise a family .	Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?
credit	N	3-2	I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .	Give her credit for trying .
read	V	1-3	She read the sky and predicted rain .	The fortune teller read his fate in the crystal ball .
right	N	4-6	He stood on the right .	The pharmacy is just on the right past the bookshop .
one	N	3-4	He has the one but will need a two and three to go with it .	They had lunch at one .
water	N	5-6	They were sitting by the water 's edge .	He asked for a drink of water .
use	V	0-6	Use your head !	He does n't know how to use a computer .
patch	N	6-6	I lost my locket in this patch of grass here .	The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .
come	V	0-1	Come into the room .	He came singing down the road .
performance	N	5-5	We congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal .	The play ran for 100 performances .
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	Ignorance is bliss .
origin	N	0-4	Origin in sensation .	The rumor had its origin in idle gossip .
follow	V	0-0	Follow the road .	Follow the trail .
reason	N	1-2	The reason that war was declared .	There is reason to believe he is lying .
operation	N	2-6	The cognitive operation of remembering .	That rule is no longer in operation .
breath	N	4-6	I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .	He was fighting to his last breath .
cover	V	0-0	Cover the child with a blanket .	Cover the grave with flowers .
defense	N	0-3	Defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem .	He joined the defense against invasion .
admit	V	1-2	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .	This pipe admits air .
suffer	V	6-2	We hope you never have to suffer the same pain .	Many saints suffered martyrdom .
constriction	N	3-3	Emotion caused a constriction of his throat .	He felt a constriction in her chest .
return	N	5-2	They set out on their return to the base camp .	The average return was about 5 % .
cycle	N	1-2	The cycle of the seasons , or of the year .	The never-ending cycle of the seasons .
check	V	8-2	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .	The heat checked the paint .
color	N	4-7	She used a different color for the trim .	Each flavor of quarks comes in three colors .
foot	N	6-1	I 'll meet you at the foot of the stairs .	The foot of the page .
trade	N	7-6	They are accused of conspiring to constrain trade .	Venice was an important center of trade with the East .
wealth	N	3-1	She brings a wealth of knowledge to the project .	Great wealth is not a sign of great intelligence .
carry	V	2-3	These pipes carry waste water into the river .	This train is carrying nuclear waste .
opening	N	1-7	The opening received good critical reviews .	John spends two hours a day studying openings , and another two hours studying endgames .
open	V	2-1	The bedrooms open into the hall .	He opened the meeting with a long speech .
institution	N	4-1	He had become an institution in the theater .	The institution of slavery .
screen	V	0-0	Screen a film .	Screen these samples .
answer	V	0-1	Answer the door .	Nobody answered when I knocked on the door .
cast	N	3-2	Pottery of this cast was found throughout the region .	The delicate cast of his features .
save	V	2-3	I 'll save you the trouble .	This move will save money .
grace	N	5-3	It was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church .	The victor 's grace in treating the vanquished .
beat	V	1-0	I beat the traffic .	Beat the subway fare .
side	N	5-5	It brought out his better side .	He is on the purchasing side of the business .
puddle	V	0-0	Puddle iron .	Puddle young plants .
business	N	3-4	A racially integrated business concern .	Show me where the business was today .
side	N	6-1	He had a pain in his side .	Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?
start	V	4-2	We simply could not start the engine .	The rain started at 9:00 .
back	N	1-10	His back was nicely tanned .	They pinned a ` kick me ' sign on his back .
gravitation	N	1-0	The gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them .	Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love "-- Albert Einstein .
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	There were two hundred people at his funeral .
ruffle	V	5-5	This play is going to ruffle some people .	She has a way of ruffling feathers among her colleagues .
krona	N	8-1	Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona .	Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes ) .
communicate	V	2-6	Do you communicate well with your advisor ?	He and his sons have n't communicated for years .
dog	N	1-1	The dog barked all night .	The dogs were too hot to touch .
come	V	0-2	Come into contact with a terrorist group .	The water came to a boil .
draw	V	0-2	Draw the shades .	The ship drew near the shore .
estate	N	8-5	There are 50 acres of land in this estate .	The family owned a large estate on Long Island .
sublime	V	0-2	Sublime iodine .	Some salts sublime when heated .
bar	N	10-7	He bought a hot dog and a coke at the bar .	The boat ran aground on a submerged bar in the river .
reenactment	N	8-1	They 're going to the Civil War battle reenactment this weekend .	The reenactment of the battle of Princeton .
restore	V	0-1	Restore law and order .	He restored my lost faith in him by doing a good deed .
body	N	1-1	A body of law .	A body of doctrine .
door	N	3-4	He slammed the door as he left .	He knocked on the door .
sale	N	5-3	They are having a clearance sale : 50 % off .	They held a sale to reduce their inventory .
drink	N	0-5	Drink was his downfall .	I asked for a hot drink .
flatten	V	0-0	Flatten your stomach with these exercises .	Flatten a road .
canvas	N	2-7	The crowded canvas of history .	The boxer picked himself up off the canvas .
push	V	3-1	You need to push quite hard to get this door open .	He pushed her to finish her doctorate .
touch	N	10-3	With the lights out , she had to rely on touch to find her desk .	Only sight and touch enable us to locate objects in the space around us .
wall	N	2-1	The south wall had a small window .	The walls were covered with pictures .
refer	V	0-1	Refer a patient to a specialist .	Christians refer to the mother of Jesus as the Virgin Mary .
dogma	N	5-2	He believed all the Marxist dogma .	The unforgiving dogma of Stalinism is that what the party leader , however cruel and incompetent , decrees , however absurd , must be accepted as law .
save	V	2-2	This will save money .	This will save you a lot of time .
seize	V	1-2	To seize a ship after libeling .	The terrorists seized the politicians .
try	V	0-2	Try the yak butter .	The judge tried both father and son in separate trials .
edge	V	0-1	Edge the tablecloth with embroidery .	He edged towards the car .
know	V	1-1	We know this movie .	Adam knew Eve .
hit	V	2-1	We were hit by really bad weather .	He hit a home run .
speech	N	1-7	Her speech was barren of southernisms .	I detected a slight accent in his speech .
sake	N	2-3	For your sake .	Died for the sake of his country .
come	V	0-0	Come into the room .	Come with me to the Casbah .
ease	N	5-6	A life of luxury and ease .	He passed all the exams with ease .
cuddle	V	10-1	I 'm cold ; can you roll over here and cuddle me , honey ?	She cuddled the infant before bedtime .
time	N	1-7	This time he succeeded .	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !
course	N	1-12	A course of bricks .	On a building that size , two crews could only lay two courses in a day .
stop	V	4-2	Soon the rain will stop .	The riots stopped when police moved in .
make	V	1-1	They make a cute couple .	Clothes make the man .
field	N	6-0	He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .	Field work traditionally distinguishes true archaeologists from armchair archaeologists .
hand	N	3-2	Give him a hand .	The hired hand fixed the railing .
mother	N	4-1	The lioness was a mother of four cubs .	The mother of three children .
rest	N	8-14	A body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon .	Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .
inspect	V	1-1	Please inspect your father 's will carefully .	We inspected the area .
beg	V	1-1	I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .	He begged her to go to the prom with him .
cover	V	4-2	Is this enough to cover the check ?	This should cover everyone in the group .
charge	N	5-3	This cartridge has a powder charge of 50 grains .	The newspaper published charges that Jones was guilty of drunken driving .
formation	N	1-1	A formation of planes .	The formation of sentences .
hardship	N	6-2	I can not think it a hardship that more indulgence is allowed to men than to women"- James Boswell .	The many hardships of frontier life .
give	V	2-1	Can you give me lessons ?	I gave her my money .
demand	N	4-3	The automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips .	There were many demands on his time .
leach	V	0-2	Leach the soil .	The fertilizer leached into the ground .
drag	N	6-7	The waitresses looked like missionaries in drag .	He went to the party dressed in drag .
crash	V	4-2	Will the stock market crash again ?	The car crashed through the glass door .
stay	V	1-1	To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler .	Please stay the bloodshed !
emission	N	1-1	The emission of heat from a fire .	The emission of light from the sun .
draft	N	4-2	They served beer on draft .	His first drafts were better than most authors ' final products .
agree	V	5-1	The two stories do n't agree in many details .	We agreed what to do .
war	N	2-9	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .	In the US , conservatives rail against the " war on Christmas " .
breathe	V	2-1	I can breathe better when the air is clean .	Paul breathed a deep breath .
member	N	1-1	A member of the faculty .	Only members will be admitted .
boy	N	4-1	The baby was a boy .	The boys were playing kickball in the mud .
crush	V	0-2	Crush an aluminum can .	She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation .
go	V	2-1	Messages must go through diplomatic channels .	She went through a lot of trouble .
safety	N	3-4	He ran to safety .	Be sure that the safety is set before proceeding .
introduce	V	0-0	Introduce exotic fruits .	Introduce legislation .
fall	V	0-1	Fall into a strange way of thinking .	She fell to pieces after she lost her work .
drink	V	6-3	No thanks , I do n't drink .	We were up drinking all night .
ball	N	1-1	A ball of fire .	A ball of wool .
forefront	N	8-6	The idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy .	That laboratory researches topics at the forefront of technology .
spring	N	6-8	He will hold office until the spring of next year .	The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring .
pass	V	0-1	Pass along the good news .	She passed the new Jersey Bar Exam and can practice law now .
forbid	V	2-2	The rules forbid smoking .	The rules forbid our smoking .
part	N	5-3	He wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself .	She played the part of Desdemona .
rake	V	0-2	Rake gravel .	The gunfire raked the coast .
soul	N	1-0	The soul of honor .	Soul was politically significant during the Civil Rights movement .
sale	N	6-9	You 'll find vitamin C for sale at most pharmacies .	The new line of cars will soon be on sale .
note	N	3-1	There was a note of gaiety in her manner .	His notes were appended at the end of the article .
charge	V	5-0	Will you pay cash or charge the purchase ?	Charge all weapons , shields , and banners .
render	V	0-0	Render the brick walls in the den .	Render thanks .
mean	V	1-3	I mean no harm .	` maison ' means ` house ' in French .
tea	N	4-11	Would you like some tea ?	Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea , please ?
throw	V	0-1	Throw a javelin .	She threw herself forwards .
floor	N	1-1	The floor of the pelvis .	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .
birth	N	4-4	They divorced after the birth of the child .	His election signaled the birth of a new age .
connect	V	4-5	Operator , could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore ?	The local train does not connect with the Amtrak train .
cut	N	4-1	That 's our finest cut of meat .	His cut in the lining revealed the hidden jewels .
dress	V	0-3	Dress the patient .	Can the child dress by herself ?
camp	V	4-4	We 're planning to camp in the field until Sunday .	The houseguests had to camp in the living room .
voice	N	2-2	The noisy voice of the waterfall .	The incessant voices of the artillery .
pursuit	N	1-11	Unremitting pursuit of wealth does n't bring happiness , particularly if successful .	The culprit started to run and the cop took off in pursuit .
work	V	4-3	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?	Is your husband working again ?
raise	V	0-0	Raise the price of bread .	Raise my salary .
restore	V	0-0	Restore law and order .	Restore the stolen painting to its rightful owner .
drop	N	1-4	A drop of each sample was analyzed .	There is not a drop of pity in that man .
streak	N	2-7	Had a streak of bad luck .	I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments .
body	N	3-1	They found the body in the lake .	Heavenly body .
stuff	N	2-4	It was stuff I had heard before .	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?
account	N	4-9	He gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president .	He asked to see the executive who handled his account .
hit	V	1-3	We hit Detroit by noon .	I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts .
region	N	4-2	Here we enter the region of opinion .	The farming regions of France .
presentation	N	3-8	He prepared his presentation carefully in advance .	Cesarean sections are sometimes the result of abnormal presentations .
see	V	8-1	You have to be a good observer to see all the details .	I saw him laughing .
tab	N	4-2	Files with a red tab will be stored separately .	Pull the tab to open the can .
come	V	3-1	Your wish will come true .	Winter comes after autumn .
pay	V	0-9	Pay a debt .	He was allowed to go as soon as he paid .
side	N	5-5	He was on the heavy side .	He is on the purchasing side of the business .
time	N	9-3	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .	He is doing time in the county jail .
purchase	V	5-1	$ 50 wo n't even purchase a dress .	To purchase land , to purchase a house .
antagonist	N	10-8	A flexor , which bends a part , is the antagonist of an extensor , which extends it .	When bending the elbow the triceps are the antagonist .
fair	N	1-1	World fair .	Trade fair .
reseat	V	0-2	Reseat Carnegie Hall .	We should reseat this cinema-the old seats are worn .
approach	V	0-2	Approach a task .	I was approached by the President to serve as his adviser in foreign matters .
baby	N	1-1	The baby of the family .	The baby of the Supreme Court .
face	N	4-7	They climbed the north face of the mountain .	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .
look	N	5-5	I do n't like the look of the new design .	She got her mother 's looks .
system	N	5-4	They had to devise a system that did not depend on cooperation .	The body has a system of organs for digestion .
subject	N	4-16	I am a British subject .	A moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject .
now	N	6-0	There is no better time than now .	Now is a good time to do it .
point	N	6-3	He held me up at the point of a gun .	Get to the point .
way	N	2-4	Come this way and I 'll show you a shortcut .	Do you know the way to the airport ?
house	N	4-3	The children were playing house .	He has a house on Cape Cod .
turn	V	0-0	Turn your dance partner around .	Turn the car around .
store	V	2-0	I 'll store these books in the attic .	Store grain for the winter .
compass	N	2-2	Within the compass of an encircling wall .	Within the compass of education .
fatigue	N	5-6	He was suffering from museum fatigue .	The American public is experiencing scandal fatigue .
run	V	3-2	The sale will run for ten days .	The contract runs through 2008 .
blight	V	4-3	Too much rain may blight the garden with mold .	This vine never blights .
note	N	14-5	I did n't have any coins to pay with , so I used a note .	He peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes .
cover	V	0-2	Cover her face with a handkerchief .	The female covers the eggs .
run	N	3-4	Nicklaus had a run of birdies .	The Yankees scored 3 runs in the bottom of the 9th .
drag	N	3-7	He performed in drag .	He went to the party dressed in drag .
shot	N	2-6	A good shot requires good balance and tempo .	He left me an almost impossible shot .
irritate	V	0-1	Irritate the glands of a leaf .	It irritates me that she never closes the door after she leaves .
loss	N	5-2	The company operated at a loss last year .	A serious loss of business .
time	N	7-0	He was a great actor in his time .	Time stops for nobody .
strike	V	2-2	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .	The ship struck a reef .
tea	N	8-11	The store shelves held many different kinds of tea .	Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea , please ?
agonist	N	8-3	When bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist .	Acetylcholine is an agonist at the a cholinergic receptor .
coverage	N	11-3	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones .	There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .
nationality	N	6-4	Such images define their sense of nationality .	Immigrants of the same nationality often seek each other out .
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	I am 75 kilograms .
mark	V	0-2	Mark homework .	This sign marks the border .
post	V	2-0	I 'll post the news on the bulletin board .	Post a sentinel in front of the door .
hit	V	3-1	An interesting idea hit her .	He hit a home run .
unit	N	1-4	A unit of wheat is a bushel .	The centimetre is a unit of length .
loss	N	6-5	The match ended in their first loss of the season .	The company operated at a loss last year .
assimilate	V	11-2	The teacher paused in her lecture to allow the students to assimilate what she had said .	This country assimilates immigrants very quickly .
bite	N	1-5	The bite of satire .	I 'll have a quick bite to quiet my stomach until dinner .
reaction	N	4-1	There was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water .	His reaction to the news was to start planning what to do .
connect	V	8-3	The telephone company finally put in lines to connect the towns in this area .	Did you finally connect with your long-lost cousin ?
interest	N	5-2	He has a lot of interest in vintage cars .	The iron interests stepped up production .
mean	V	3-2	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .	I only meant to help you .
fall	V	0-1	Fall into a strange way of thinking .	She fell ill .
check	N	6-6	He asked the waiter for the check .	The tablecloth had red and white checks .
save	V	3-3	This move will save money .	Where did I save that document ? I ca n't find it on the desktop .
strike	V	0-2	Strike an arc .	The bullet struck her thigh .
stand	N	2-5	A bedside stand .	The army made a final stand at the Rhone .
spread	V	3-0	She liked to spread butter on her toast while it was still hot .	Spread cheese on a piece of bread .
trim	V	2-2	They traditionally trim the tree on Christmas Eve .	The airplane trimmed .
spread	V	0-3	Spread information .	The missionaries quickly spread their new message across the country .
patch	N	3-16	Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?	The storms last summer washed away parts of the road so we can expect some rough patches up ahead .
post	N	4-3	She was opening her post .	Is there any post for me ?
opening	N	4-6	There was a small opening between the trees .	A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .
place	N	8-3	Do you want to come over to my place later ?	He lost his place on the page .
field	N	1-4	Gold field .	He longed for the fields of his youth .
swimsuit	N	15-3	Jade refused to go swimming with her brother until he helped her find her favorite swimsuit .	Put on your swimsuit and let 's go for a swim .
ability	N	4-4	This wood has the ability to fight off insects , fungus , and mold for a considerable time .	This phone has the ability to have its software upgraded wirelessly .
pack	V	0-1	Pack the books into the boxes .	To pack goods in a box .
example	N	3-5	There is an example on page 10 .	This patient provides a typical example of the syndrome .
stuff	N	5-16	The trunk was full of stuff .	He did n't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands .
fun	N	5-7	They began to fight like fun .	She asked for money and then the fun began .
spread	V	0-0	Spread information .	Spread your arms .
foulness	N	3-3	His display of foulness deserved severe punishment .	He understood the foulness of sin .
snap	V	1-0	To snap a fastener .	Snap your fingers .
line	N	4-2	He got out of line .	Toe the line .
fast	V	1-2	Muslims fast during Ramadan .	Catholics sometimes fast during Lent .
rotate	V	1-1	We rotate the lead soprano every night .	We rotate the crops so as to maximize the use of the soil .
support	N	6-6	He applied to the state for support .	They developed a scheme of mutual support .
wash	V	3-9	He managed to wash out the stains .	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .
spring	N	3-6	I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .	You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .
stretch	V	0-2	Stretch the fabric .	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .
loss	N	0-2	Loss of livestock left the rancher bankrupt .	A serious loss of business .
facility	N	5-5	He was famous for his facility as an archer .	A cell phone with internet facility .
owe	V	2-1	I still owe for the car .	She owes me $ 200 .
conflict	N	1-4	The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .	He was immobilized by conflict and indecision .
cover	V	0-2	Cover her face with a handkerchief .	The period covered the turn of the century .
time	N	4-3	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .	He called four times .
use	V	3-0	I ca n't use this tool .	Use the plastic bags to store the food .
pad	V	0-0	Pad the seat of the chair .	Pad a bra .
effect	N	5-6	He just did it for effect .	The new law will come into effect on the first day of next year .
population	N	1-2	The population of New Jersey will not stand for this !	The African-American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing .
pull	N	1-1	The pull of the moon .	The pull of the current .
line	V	1-0	To line the shelves .	Line one 's pockets .
set	N	4-1	He gave a final set to his hat .	The set of prime numbers is infinite .
foot	N	1-4	The foot of the list .	He stood at the foot of the tower .
point	N	4-3	To fall off a point .	He checked the point on his compass .
fish	N	12-7	After the scare about foot-and-mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat .	They have a chef who specializes in fish .
line	N	9-2	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .	A dedicated line .
unit	N	1-0	A unit of wheat is a bushel .	Units of nucleic acids .
funny	N	3-3	She made a funny .	She told a funny story .
force	N	1-0	A force out was recorded on the scorecard .	Force equals mass times acceleration .
disposition	N	3-3	I have little disposition now to do as you say .	Salt has a disposition to dissolve in water .
voice	N	3-3	The wee small voice of conscience .	He said his voices told him to do it .
carry	V	1-1	I carry her image in my mind 's eye .	I carry these thoughts in the back of my head .
pay	V	0-1	Pay a visit .	He paid off the loan three months early .
classify	V	3-1	How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric ?	She classified the articles into different genres .
touch	N	2-3	The cooling touch of the night air .	There was a touch of sarcasm in his tone .
accord	N	3-1	We are in accord with your proposal .	The accord of light and shade in painting .
feeling	N	3-3	He lost all feeling in his arm .	He had terrible feelings of guilt .
shower	N	8-5	Would male strippers be appropriate for the divorce shower ?	Today there will be frequent showers and some sunny spells .
make	V	2-1	He will make a fine father .	He makes a great host .
leave	V	3-4	She wants to leave .	His good luck finally left him .
softness	N	6-2	He attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy .	And in softness almost beyond hearing .
drink	V	6-3	No thanks , I do n't drink .	You 've been drinking , have n't you ?
time	N	3-4	He had a time holding back the tears .	They had a good time together .
drive	V	0-3	Drive a car or bus .	My new truck drives well .
solution	N	1-7	The solution took three hours .	They were trying to find a peaceful solution .
read	V	1-2	I read this address as a satire .	I can read his feelings in his face .
hit	V	2-3	We were hit by really bad weather .	The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .
develop	V	0-5	Develop the rook .	Report the news as it develops .
raise	V	0-0	Raise a sad cry .	Raise a protest .
side	N	5-4	He was on the heavy side .	Look on the bright side .
dress	V	0-0	Dress the patient .	Dress the plants in the garden .
crack	N	5-6	He opened the window a crack .	I 'd like to take a crack at that game .
sign	N	4-3	The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .	Those clouds show signs of raining soon .
texture	N	5-7	The wall had a smooth texture .	The beans had a grainy , gritty texture in her mouth .
number	N	3-6	He had a number of chores to do .	It was one of the best numbers he ever did .
session	N	2-5	A filming session .	Are we having a recording session ? " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . " .
come	V	0-1	Come out of the closet !	He came from France .
mercury	N	1-1	The mercury was falling rapidly .	The mercury there has averaged 37.6C , 2.3C above the February norm .
head	N	6-3	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40 .	They shot 20 head of quail .
touch	V	3-8	She did n't touch her food all night .	Are you all right ? You 've hardly touched your lunch .
ditch	V	0-0	Ditch a plane .	Ditch a lover .
think	V	1-1	I think she is pretty , contrary to most people .	I think that he is her boyfriend .
plane	N	5-5	He lived on a worldly plane .	We will refer to the plane of the graph as the X-Y plane .
fool	N	2-3	The village fool threw his own shoes down the well .	You were a fool to cross that busy road without looking .
connect	V	3-2	This computer will connect well to the network .	Our computers connected together .
twinkle	N	4-9	There 's a perpetual twinkle in his eyes .	He was a rotund , jolly man with a twinkle in his eye .
place	N	8-1	Do you want to come over to my place later ?	Your place or mine ?
possess	V	4-1	He does not even possess a working telephone .	What possessed you to buy this house ?
know	V	3-1	She does n't know this composer .	I know him under a different name .
sense	N	1-1	A sense of danger .	A sense of happiness .
keep	V	1-0	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .	Keep smiling .
cardinal	N	1-2	The cardinal number " three " can be represented as " 3 " or " three " .	The smallest cardinal numbers are 0 , 1 , 2 , and 3 .
civilization	N	7-7	The people slowly progressed from barbarism to civilization .	He is remembered for his generosity and civilization .
channel	N	6-2	The ship went aground in the channel .	The English Channel lies between France and England .
drill	V	0-2	Drill a hole into the wall .	Do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe .
light	N	4-1	Do you have a light ?	The light of my life .
business	N	2-6	Government and business could not agree .	Computers are now widely used in business .
wear	N	4-5	The tires showed uneven wear .	She bought it for everyday wear .
carry	V	2-1	These pipes carry waste water into the river .	Amanda carried the package to New York from home .
dibs	N	3-2	Who 's got dibs on the chips ?	I have dibs on that last slice of pizza .
recuperate	V	0-3	Recuperate one 's losses .	The patient is recuperating .
set	V	3-0	The film is set in Africa .	Set up an experiment .
summerize	V	0-0	Summerize a house .	Summerize your car .
count	V	2-5	Can you count the books on your shelf ?	There are three apples ; count them .
wear	V	0-1	Wear one 's hair in a certain way .	She wore a smile all day .
submission	N	5-1	What was the date of submission of your proposal ?	His submission to the will of God .
book	N	5-7	I am reading a good book on economics .	They got a subpoena to examine our books .
flash	N	1-1	A flash sewn on his sleeve indicated the unit he belonged to .	Red flashes adorned the airplane .
read	V	2-1	I can read his feelings in his face .	She read my mind and promptly rose to get me a glass of water .
connect	V	4-2	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	Our computers connected together .
pass	N	3-11	He had a pass for three days .	It was not possible to complete the computation in a single pass .
voice	N	1-3	The voice of experience .	He said his voices told him to do it .
softness	N	10-5	Orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness .	He was shocked by the softness of the atmosphere surrounding the young prince , arising from the superfluity of the femininity that guided him .
drag	N	3-6	He performed in drag .	The waitresses looked like missionaries in drag .
cover	V	8-2	When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .	The caravan covered almost 100 miles each day .
pocket	N	5-6	The trapped miners found a pocket of air .	They dipped into the taxpayers ' pockets .
book	N	5-1	Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .	The book of Isaiah .
life	N	2-1	Get a life .	Social life .
lock	V	10-2	The therapist noticed that the patient 's knees tended to lock in this exercise .	The parents locked her daughter up for the weekend .
drop	V	0-1	Drop a lawsuit .	They dropped her after she had a child out of wedlock .
game	N	7-7	He thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time .	Being a child is all fun and games .
camp	V	4-3	The houseguests had to camp in the living room .	Can we go camping again this summer ?
line	N	1-4	The line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed .	They were arrayed in line of battle .
smile	N	4-3	He has a sinister smile .	She had a smile on her face .
trend	N	1-1	The trend of the stock market .	The trend of a coastline .
drain	N	1-1	A drain on resources .	A drain of young talent by emigration .
monitor	V	2-2	The police monitor the suspect 's moves .	We are monitoring the air quality .
see	V	4-3	The minister does n't see anybody before noon .	The doctor will see you now .
air	V	0-0	Air out the smoke-filled rooms .	Air the old winter clothes .
time	N	1-4	Take time to smell the roses .	I did n't have time to finish .
ball	N	5-4	He played with his rubber ball in the bathtub .	He threw nine straight balls before the manager yanked him .
connect	V	2-2	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	These computers connected well together .
break	V	0-0	Break a lucky streak .	Break the cycle of poverty .
mess	N	5-2	My boss dumped a whole mess of projects on my desk today .	The wardroom mess .
rub	V	0-1	Rub oil into her skin .	I rubbed my hands together for warmth .
finish	N	10-6	When these final episodes are broadcast it will be the finish of the show .	The market was up at the finish .
implement	V	0-1	Implement a procedure .	He implemented a new economic plan .
case	N	3-2	It was a case of bad judgment .	A typical case was the suburban housewife described by a marriage counselor .
excitement	N	5-5	He could hardly conceal his excitement when she agreed .	His face was flushed with excitement and his hands trembled .
sense	N	1-5	Common sense is not so common .	Fortunately she had the good sense to run away .
life	N	6-6	I have known him all his life .	She 's my love , my life .
game	N	5-1	He 's in the plumbing game .	The game is 6 all .
union	N	1-2	The union of opposing factions .	The Soviet Union .
build	V	0-2	Build up confidence .	The contractor builds houses for $ 100 .
ensure	V	4-2	This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us .	Our exertions ensured us a good outcome .
haul	V	0-0	Haul nets .	Haul stones .
air	N	7-4	Open a window and let in some air .	I need some fresh air .
port	V	0-0	Port a rifle .	Port arms !
degree	N	13-1	She has two bachelor 's degrees and is studying towards a master 's degree .	90 degrees Fahrenheit is equivalent to 32.2 degrees Celsius .
make	V	6-1	One swallow does not a summer make .	This makes the third infraction .
round	N	4-4	He ordered a second round .	They brought us a round of drinks about every thirty minutes .
hum	N	1-4	The hum of distant traffic .	They could hear a hum coming from the kitchen , and found the dishwasher on .
finish	N	2-3	When the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly .	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .
identity	N	2-7	Simply an identity element if both are true .	It was too dark to determine his identity .
make	V	7-8	A good review by this critic will make your play !	She married into wealth and so has it made .
people	N	1-2	His people have been farmers for generations .	Are your people still alive ?
trial	N	9-3	He called each flip of the coin a new trial .	In the experimental trials the amount of carbon was measured separately .
support	N	6-3	The statue stood on a marble support .	The government provides support to the arts in several ways .
stick	N	6-6	The policy so far is all stick and no carrot .	The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .
age	N	5-2	We live in a litigious age .	The Bronze Age was followed by the Iron Age .
head	N	1-6	200 head of cattle .	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .
poison	N	4-1	Gossip is a malicious poison .	The poison of fascism .
way	N	4-4	Did n't know the way home .	It 's a long way to Moscow .
survey	N	3-1	Under his proud survey the city lies . -Sir John Denham .	His survey of the battlefield was limited .
leave	V	3-4	She did n't leave until midnight .	The president 's remarks left us speechless .
notice	N	2-6	An obituary notice .	You did n't give me enough notice .
work	V	2-1	I will work hard to improve my grades .	They worked on the task .
control	V	0-0	Control the budget .	Control an account .
chain	N	1-1	A chain of ideas , one leading to the next .	The chain of command .
sense	N	3-1	It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .	Common sense is not so common .
sale	N	5-8	They are having a clearance sale : 50 % off .	I got some great bargains at their annual sale .
baby	N	3-10	Stop being a baby !	Stand up for yourself - do n't be such a baby !
head	N	5-10	The beer had a large head of foam .	Pour me a fresh beer ; this one has no head .
pull	V	0-2	Pull a bank robbery .	The car pulls to the right .
shift	V	4-0	We 'll have to shift these boxes to the downtown office .	Shift the emphasis .
run	N	13-4	He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three-day run .	I 'm having a run of bad luck .
wall	N	5-1	Negotiations ran into a brick wall .	The walls of the cylinder were perforated .
cast	N	5-2	Her features had a delicate cast to them .	The delicate cast of his features .
stay	V	1-2	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .	The judge stayed the execution order .
chain	N	1-6	A chain of ideas , one leading to the next .	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .
burn	V	4-2	He watched the house burn .	The sun burned his face .
face	N	4-7	Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .
run	V	2-2	I will run the sample .	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .
provide	V	9-2	Do n't bother bringing equipment , as we will provide it .	This procedure provides for lots of leeway .
base	N	1-6	The base of the triangle .	The attack wiped out our forward bases .
day	N	4-3	It should arrive any day now .	Those were the days .
trust	V	2-1	Do n't trust my ex - wife .	I trust you will behave better from now on .
pay	V	0-3	Pay up , please !	She offered to pay the bill .
life	N	3-0	While there 's life there 's hope .	Life depends on many chemical and physical processes .
raise	V	0-1	Raise a family .	To raise somebody to office .
front	N	4-5	He walked to the front of the stage .	He led the national liberation front .
drive	V	0-1	Drive the forest .	We drove the car to the garage .
withholding	N	5-3	There were allegations of the withholding of evidence .	I resented his withholding permission .
sale	N	8-3	I got some great bargains at their annual sale .	They held a sale to reduce their inventory .
line	N	12-3	The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text .	There are six lines in every stanza .
act	V	3-1	She wants to act Lady Macbeth , but she is too young for the role .	He acted the idiot .
assemble	V	0-2	Assemble your colleagues .	The parents assembled in the school hall .
clearance	N	4-2	The plane was given clearance to land .	He got clearance to travel to America , even though he had previous links to terrorists .
heart	N	5-5	The child won everyone 's heart .	He stood still , his heart thumping wildly .
channelize	V	0-0	Channelize a stream .	Channelize the country for better transportation .
membership	N	3-2	They polled their membership .	He has memberships in clubs in three cities .
time	N	4-3	We had a wonderful time at the party .	He had a time holding back the tears .
use	V	3-2	I ca n't use this tool .	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .
subvert	V	3-8	Do school counselors subvert young children ?	We must not let our civil liberties be subverted by the current crisis .
remission	N	4-4	Her cancer was in remission .	His cancer is in remission .
treat	V	0-0	Treat an oil spill .	Treat the lawn with chemicals .
move	V	1-2	To move in a matter .	The soldiers moved towards the city in an attempt to take it before night fell .
take	V	0-1	Take sick .	Be taken drunk .
light	N	5-5	It brought the scandal to light .	He could paint the lightest light and the darkest dark .
question	N	1-3	The question of seniority will be discussed at the meeting .	There was a question of which material to use .
stick	V	0-3	Stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress .	This question really stuck me .
avoid	V	3-1	I try to avoid the company of gamblers .	We avoided the area .
offer	V	0-1	Offer resistance .	He offered his sympathy .
film	N	6-1	The table was covered with a film of dust .	The film was shot on location .
extend	V	0-0	Extend the casserole with a little rice .	Extend the TV antenna .
product	N	3-1	They improve their product every year .	The product of 2 and 3 is 6 .
finish	N	9-4	The wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish .	Booze will be the finish of him .
eye	N	7-4	The thread would n't go through the eye .	They were in the eye of the storm .
play	V	0-1	Play games .	We played hockey all afternoon .
break	V	6-3	This play will either make or break the playwright .	His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage .
develop	V	0-0	Develop a passion for painting .	Develop the rook .
snap	V	1-1	To snap a whip .	Bullets snapped past us .
cut	V	0-0	Cut a movie scene .	Cut the engines when the plane comes to a halt !
take	V	0-0	Take vengeance .	Take steps .
catch	V	2-1	Did you catch the thief ?	He caught her staring out the window .
attack	N	2-5	Open to attack by the elements .	The film was sensitive to attack by acids .
float	V	0-2	Float a ship .	The government floated the ruble for a few months .
role	N	1-3	The role of women has changed significantly in the last century .	What is your role on the team ?
shuffle	V	0-1	Shuffle the cards .	I shuffled my feet in embarrassment .
practice	N	3-3	It is good practice to check each door and window before leaving .	It is their practice to give annual raises .
drip	V	6-2	Listening to the tap next door drip all night drove me mad !	Water is dripping from the faucet .
grace	N	8-2	I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .	God 's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners .
stop	V	4-2	Soon the rain will stop .	The car stopped .
top	N	6-3	He stared as she buttoned her top .	I bought this top as it matches my jeans .
cover	V	8-0	When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .	Cover the child with a blanket .
range	N	5-3	A piano has a greater range than the human voice .	He answered a range of questions .
rubric	N	6-6	* That would fall under the rubric of things we can ignore for now .	It is usually discussed under the rubric of ` functional obesity ' .
example	N	6-4	But there is always the famous example of the Smiths .	I profited from his example .
prepare	V	0-3	Prepare a speech .	The prince was prepared to become King one day .
background	N	7-4	He is a lawyer with a sports background .	The lawyer had a background in computer science .
court	N	7-1	The king will visit the duke 's court .	Pay court to the emperor .
number	N	1-7	Every number has a unique position in the sequence .	The equation e^i\pi+1=0 includes the most important numbers : 1 , 0 , \pi , i , and e.
time	N	3-4	See you another time .	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .
vagueness	N	6-7	These terms were used with a vagueness that suggested little or no thought about what each might convey .	The Conservative manifesto is a model of vagueness .
interest	N	2-3	In the interest of safety .	In the common interest .
sex	N	2-2	They had sex in the back seat .	We had sex in the back seat .
mirror	N	6-7	I had a look in the mirror to see if the blood had come off my face .	We could see the lorry in the mirror , so decided to change lanes .
civilization	N	7-2	He is remembered for his generosity and civilization .	Early Mayan civilization .
dig	V	0-0	Dig salt .	Dig coal .
arouse	V	0-1	Arouse pity .	To arouse compassion .
clarity	N	2-5	Lack of clarity on the part of the teacher will cause confusion among the students .	She dreamed , with great clarity , that she had been seen her own death .
date	N	3-11	I arranged a date with my Australian business partners .	She asked how to avoid kissing at the end of a date .
count	V	2-2	Can you count the books on your shelf ?	I can count my colleagues in the opposition .
authority	N	2-3	Respect my authority !	He has the authority to issue warrants .
know	V	2-3	Do you know my sister ?	She does n't know this composer .
direction	N	4-3	They proposed a new direction for the firm .	He checked the direction and velocity of the wind .
voice	N	1-3	The voice of the law .	Conservatism has many voices .
stomach	N	5-2	Exercise gave him a good stomach for dinner .	A good stomach for roast beef .
start	V	1-0	To start a business .	Start a new job .
score	N	2-5	Settling a score .	The player with the highest score is the winner .
air	N	5-7	The house had a neglected air .	As he waited he could feel the air on his neck .
connect	V	4-1	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	Herman connected the computers together .
slot	N	5-9	Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks .	She beat some tough competition for the number one slot .
charge	N	4-4	The child was a charge of the nanny .	The teacher led her charges across the street .
pop	V	0-3	Pop the clutch .	The soldiers were popping .
block	V	0-0	Block an attack .	Block the book cover .
language	N	3-3	The gift of language .	He taught foreign languages .
regret	V	1-1	I regret I ca n't come to the party .	I regret that I have to do this , but I do n't have a choice .
wall	N	5-1	Negotiations ran into a brick wall .	A wall of prejudice .
block	V	0-2	Block a nerve .	You are blocking the name of your first wife !
make	V	0-0	Make a move .	Make advances .
move	N	1-4	The move into my fiancé 's house took two long days .	They say that three moves equal one fire .
dwelling	N	2-4	Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson .	He built a modest dwelling near the pond .
field	N	11-0	The set of rational numbers , \mathbbQ , is the prototypical field .	Field of view .
excuse	N	2-9	A poor excuse for an automobile .	He had to get his mother to write an excuse for him .
tell	V	0-1	Tell me what is bothering you .	Ellen told Helen how to avoid the crowd .
face	N	4-6	Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .
remember	V	2-3	Do you remember that he once loved you ?	I ca n't remember saying any such thing .
end	N	12-8	Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end .	The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end .
stop	V	0-2	Stop a car .	Your rights stop where you infringe upon the rights of other .
complexion	N	2-3	A sunburnt complexion .	A liberal political complexion .
streak	N	5-2	I was on a winning streak until the fourth game , where I was dealt terrible cards .	Had a streak of bad luck .
touch	V	3-2	He could not touch the meaning of the poem .	She never touched her husband .
deep	N	2-2	In the deep of winter .	In the deep of night .
behalf	N	8-2	Spoke a good word in his friend 's behalf .	In your behalf .
undo	V	4-4	I wish I could undo my actions .	Fortunately , we can undo most of the damage to the system by the war .
satisfaction	N	7-6	The chef tasted the sauce with great satisfaction .	He enjoyed the dish with great satisfaction . He 'll order it again the next time he arrives .
third	N	3-13	Jones came in third .	He answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment .
keep	V	0-2	Keep appointments .	She never keeps her promises .
connect	V	4-4	The planes do n't connect and you will have to wait for four hours .	Operator , could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore ?
support	N	6-6	The statue stood on a marble support .	He leaned against the wall for support .
round	N	1-5	A round of pleasures .	The story is going the rounds in Washington .
place	V	0-8	Place a phone call .	He bet $ 2 on number six to place .
make	V	0-0	Make advances .	Make a phone call .
deal	N	7-5	He 's a master of the business deal .	We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight .
repertory	N	3-1	Has a large repertory of dialects and characters .	The repertory of the supposed feats of mesmerism .
love	N	1-5	Their love left them indifferent to their surroundings .	He had n't had any love in months .
give	V	2-5	Can you give me lessons ?	When they asked , I gave my coat .
refine	V	0-0	Refine pig iron .	Refine oil .
energy	N	5-5	Jogging works off my excess energy .	Europeans often laugh at American energy .
dwelling	N	6-4	The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .	He built a modest dwelling near the pond .
foot	N	1-4	The foot of the list .	Curled up on the foot of the bed .
fight	V	2-1	Do n't fight it !	He fought for breath .
seat	N	5-11	He was elected to a seat in the Senate .	He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .
cup	N	1-4	The cup of her bra .	Bees filled the waxen cups with honey .
search	N	4-2	The outcome justified the search .	A thorough search of the ledgers revealed nothing .
see	V	8-7	You have to be a good observer to see all the details .	He is blind -- he can not see .
whisk	V	4-0	The chef prepared to whisk the egg whites for the angel 's food cake .	Whisk the eggs .
strength	N	6-3	They measured the station 's signal strength .	He had the strength of ten men .
side	N	5-4	It brought out his better side .	Look on the bright side .
scrambler	N	5-0	Their quarterback was a good scrambler .	Scramblers can often unnerve a better tennis player .
control	N	3-3	She never lost control of herself .	He had lost control of his sphincters .
poison	V	0-0	Poison the atmosphere in the office .	Poison someone 's mind .
law	N	5-1	Civilization presupposes respect for the law .	By law , one is not allowed to own a wallaby in New York City .
cover	V	0-4	Cover the grave with flowers .	The insurance wo n't cover this .
squeeze	N	4-8	Increased expenses put a squeeze on profits .	Getting through that small opening was a tight squeeze .
scrub	V	3-3	Engineers had to scrub the satellite launch due to bad weather .	We had to scrub our vacation plans .
spin	N	9-7	One of the planet 's moons has a slower spin than the others .	He took the new car for a spin .
rotation	N	9-1	The manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation .	Crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil .
blend	V	0-1	Blend the nuts and raisins together .	He blends in with the crowd .
mount	V	0-0	Mount a theater production .	Mount a play .
art	N	4-1	It 's quite an art .	The art of conversation .
detach	V	0-2	Detach a regiment .	His retina detached and he had to be rushed into surgery .
life	N	6-6	He wanted to live his own life without interference from others .	She 's my love , my life .
feel	V	4-3	I made the students feel different about themselves .	You make me feel naked .
break	V	2-3	Can you break a hundred-dollar bill for me ?	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy .
order	N	4-5	Men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today .	An explosion of a low order of magnitude .
end	N	5-4	No one wanted to play end .	They rode to the end of the line .
commission	N	3-3	He works on commission .	A reseller 's commission .
camp	V	4-3	We 're planning to camp in the field until Sunday .	Can we go camping again this summer ?
strike	V	0-0	Strike fire from the flintstone .	Strike a match .
reticulation	N	1-1	The reticulation of a leaf .	The reticulation of a photographic emulsion .
use	V	2-6	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .	He does n't know how to use a computer .
movement	N	2-7	The labor movement has been struggling in America since the passage of the Taft-Hartley act in 1947 .	He was a charter member of the movement .
action	N	7-11	His novels always have a lot of action .	The United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues .
ball	N	1-4	A ball of mud caught him on the shoulder .	The children were playing ball in the garden .
hollow	N	1-7	The hollow of the hand or of a tree .	He built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Rockies .
language	N	3-1	He uttered harsh language .	Sign language .
move	N	2-1	A slight move of the tiller , and the boat will go off course .	His move put him directly in my path .
day	N	4-1	It should arrive any day now .	These days it is not unusual .
take	V	4-1	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	Mother took our plates away and came back with some fruit for us to eat .
ringing	N	1-8	The ringing of the telephone .	The tintinnabulation that so voluminously swells from the ringing and the dinging of the bells "-- E. A. Poe .
call	N	12-3	He heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call .	I received several calls today .
number	N	8-5	She refused to give them her Social Security number .	She preferred the black nylon number .
breath	N	4-3	I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .
beat	V	2-0	They were beaten by a more aggressive team .	Beat the egg whites .
chance	N	3-3	We had the chance to meet the president last week .	Now is your chance .
practice	N	4-3	It is the usual practice of employees there to wear neckties only when meeting with customers .	It is their practice to give annual raises .
allow	V	1-2	To allow a servant his liberty .	Mandela was allowed few visitors in prison .
train	N	4-3	They joined the wagon train for safety .	The bride 's train was carried by her two young nephews .
blow	V	16-3	There 's nothing more thrilling to the whale watcher than to see a whale surface and blow .	The leaves were blowing in the wind .
deal	N	1-9	A deal of trouble .	He rose to prominence through a series of shady deals .
difference	N	5-1	His support made a real difference .	The difference in her is amazing .
connection	N	1-4	The connection between overeating and obesity .	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .
block	V	5-1	The offensive linemen tried to block the blitz .	He blocked the basketball player 's shot .
reaction	N	12-5	When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .	John feared his mother 's reaction when she saw the broken lamp .
break	V	6-5	I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .	When news of their divorce broke , ...
office	N	2-3	A municipal office .	He rented an office in the new building .
push	V	2-1	` Now push hard , ' said the doctor to the woman .	He pushed her to finish her doctorate .
attendance	N	2-0	John 's attendance for the conventions was not good .	Attendance was up by 50 per cent .
air	N	7-0	Open a window and let in some air .	Air pollution .
loss	N	2-1	A serious loss of business .	Weight loss .
texture	N	6-4	Fish with a delicate flavor and texture .	Breadfruit has the same texture as bread .
coast	N	1-6	The coast is clear .	The children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope .
arouse	V	1-1	To arouse anger .	To arouse jealousy .
land	V	5-2	It can be tricky to land a helicopter .	This may land you in jail .
leave	V	3-2	She did n't leave until midnight .	The ship leaves at midnight .
product	N	3-3	This is a product of lime and nitric acid .	Skill is the product of hours of practice .
life	N	4-12	He gave up on life .	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .
weakness	N	1-1	The weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed .	His weakness increased as he became older .
end	N	5-8	He came to a bad end .	The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end .
richness	N	4-1	The fire-light gave a richness of coloring to that side of the room .	The richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty .
smother	V	0-3	Smother a yawn .	The butter cream smothered the cake .
call	V	3-1	We could always call on a friend .	He called me a bastard .
know	V	6-3	It is vital that he not know .	I want to know who is winning the game !
luck	N	1-4	Bad luck caused his downfall .	Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday — he got pick - pocketed and lost fifty dollars .
traffic	N	0-1	Traffic on the internet is lightest during the night .	Heavy traffic overloaded the trunk lines .
sense	N	1-1	A sense of self .	A sense of danger .
space	N	5-5	They stopped at an open space in the jungle .	The astronauts walked in outer space without a tether .
water	N	7-8	First you have to cut off the water .	The boat was found in within the territorial waters .
play	V	3-1	On weekends I play .	She played all her money on the dark horse .
path	N	6-5	The hurricane demolished houses in its path .	Genius usually follows a revolutionary path .
stock	N	8-8	The rifle had been fitted with a special stock .	She made gravy with a base of beef stock .
fit	V	4-5	This man ca n't fit himself into our work environment .	The small shirt does n't fit me , so I 'll buy the medium size .
drive	V	0-1	Drive the forest .	We drove to the university every morning .
view	N	5-6	They were soon out of view .	Consider what follows from the positivist view .
run	V	0-0	Run a new program on the Mac .	Run the dishwasher .
body	N	1-3	The body of the car was badly rusted .	Wool has more body than rayon .
charger	N	5-5	Put the batteries in the charger overnight so we can use them tomorrow .	The knight rode a white charger .
know	V	1-3	I know him under a different name .	This flower is known as a Peruvian Lily .
grip	N	1-11	The grip of a sword .	It was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip .
patch	N	6-3	I lost my locket in this patch of grass here .	Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?
know	V	3-1	I want to know who is winning the game !	I know it 's time .
fill	N	4-3	She had heard her fill of gossip .	He ate his fill of potatoes .
formation	N	1-2	The formation of sentences .	A defensive formation .
foot	N	1-1	The foot of the mountain .	The foot of the page .
point	N	5-3	They sailed south around the point .	She scored three points .
order	N	5-4	The machinery is out of order .	Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales .
purchase	V	1-2	To purchase land , to purchase a house .	The family purchased a new car .
loss	N	6-1	The match ended in their first loss of the season .	His loss of credibility led to his resignation .
cut	V	0-0	Cut trenches .	Cut a hole .
drift	V	0-2	Drift the cattle herds westwards .	The laborers drift from one town to the next .
window	N	2-1	The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves .	Launch window .
shelve	V	0-6	Shelve books .	The library needs volunteers to help shelve books .
ensure	V	4-2	This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us .	The circumstances ensured that he would arrive in time .
end	N	5-1	No one wanted to play end .	The end of the pier .
quality	N	1-14	The quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare .	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .
set	V	0-2	Set fire to a building .	The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight .
operation	N	2-2	The cognitive operation of remembering .	A multinational operation .
approach	V	0-0	Approach a new project .	Approach a task .
clear	V	0-2	Clear the leaves from the lawn .	The balloon cleared the tree tops .
stone	V	3-2	People wanted to stone the woman who had a child out of wedlock .	She got stoned to death after they found her .
admit	V	3-2	This ticket will admit one adult to the show .	This pipe admits air .
rock	N	4-3	That mountain is solid rock .	He threw a rock at me .
run	V	0-4	Run a new program on the Mac .	Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice .
feeder	N	2-2	A bark feeder .	A mud feeder .
float	V	0-2	Float a ship .	The boat floated on the water .
end	N	1-6	One end of the box was marked ` This side up ' .	We have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus .
head	N	1-1	200 head of cattle .	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .
danger	N	3-4	There was widespread danger of disease .	You are in no danger .
drop	V	0-2	Drop him from the Republican ticket .	Stock prices dropped .
reaction	N	12-9	When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .	You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?
end	N	5-5	He came to a bad end .	No one wanted to play end .
grain	N	1-5	A grain of sand .	Saw the board across the grain .
shot	N	6-4	He left me an almost impossible shot .	He is a crack shot .
marriage	N	4-1	A long and happy marriage .	Their marriage was conducted in the chapel .
strike	V	0-2	Strike a bargain .	The Germans struck Poland on Sept. 1 , 1939 .
have	V	5-1	The only girl who would have him was the miller 's daughter .	We had a hard year last year , with the locust swarms and all that .
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	There was a lot of noise in the kitchen .
take	V	4-3	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word .
point	N	3-4	He stuck the point of the knife into a tree .	He knows my bad points as well as my good points .
spell	V	2-1	The workers spell every four hours .	To spell the helmsman .
day	N	8-5	I work at night and sleep during the day .	The dawn turned night into day .
develop	V	0-2	Develop the rook .	Well - developed breasts .
war	N	1-1	The war against crime .	The war on poverty .
come	V	0-1	Come out of the closet !	He came through the door .
support	N	6-6	The president no longer has the support of his own party .	They developed a scheme of mutual support .
love	N	5-5	He has a very complicated love life .	He had n't had any love in months .
number	N	7-7	I hope to become one of their number before I die .	The equation e^i\pi+1=0 includes the most important numbers : 1 , 0 , \pi , i , and e.
cover	V	0-0	Cover the grave with flowers .	Cover her face with a handkerchief .
threat	N	1-4	His threat to kill me was quite explicit .	Earthquakes are a constant threat in Japan .
sweep	V	1-2	Please sweep the floor .	They were swept up by the events .
shot	N	2-6	His parting shot was ` drop dead ' .	I caught him with a solid shot to the chin .
song	N	4-1	The wheels sang their song as the train rocketed ahead .	The song of bullets was in the air .
appearance	N	4-4	A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .	David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .
come	V	0-1	Come down here !	He came through the door .
room	N	3-6	Hardly enough elbow room to turn around .	There was n't that much elbow room in the aircraft .
degree	N	2-3	A remarkable degree of frankness .	There are 360 degrees in a circle .
number	N	7-5	I hope to become one of their number before I die .	This sweater is an all-wool number .
retrograde	V	0-0	Retrograde arguments .	Retrograding planets .
air	N	7-6	The flock of birds took to the air .	A smell of chemicals in the air .
plug	V	0-3	Plug the hole .	He attempted to plug the leaks with some caulk .
think	V	1-1	I think that he is her boyfriend .	I think he is very smart .
crack	V	1-0	To crack a whip .	Crack a safe .
quotation	N	4-8	Let 's get a quotation for repairing the roof before we decide whether it 's worth doing .	Since he lacks originality he must rely on quotation .
connect	V	2-2	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	Our computers connected together .
spring	N	6-6	He will hold office until the spring of next year .	You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .
block	V	0-1	Block an attack .	He blocked the basketball player 's shot .
think	V	0-4	Think thin .	Idly , the detective thought what his next move should be .
shower	N	5-3	Her friends organized a baby shower for her when she was expecting .	He took a shower after the game .
vote	N	6-4	He failed to get the Black vote .	American women got the vote in 1920 .
air	N	7-7	The flock of birds took to the air .	Open a window and let in some air .
authority	N	4-2	The world 's foremost authority on orangutans .	Tennessee Valley Authority .
beat	V	2-0	The drums beat all night .	Beat the table with his shoe .
make	V	0-0	Make water into wine .	Make lead into gold .
leave	V	0-0	Leave it as is .	Leave the young fawn alone .
raise	V	6-8	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .	Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?
make	V	4-1	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
admit	V	3-2	The French doors admit onto the yard .	A ticket admits one into a playhouse .
point	N	4-3	Life has lost its point .	What is the point of discussing it ?
pull	V	0-0	Pull the trigger of the gun .	Pull the handle towards you .
focus	V	12-1	If you 're going to beat your competitors , you need to focus .	We focused on reading the book .
admit	V	1-1	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .	She admitted us .
improbability	N	1-6	The improbability of such rare coincidences .	Impossibility should never be confused with improbability .
acquisition	N	1-1	The acquisition of one company by another .	The acquisition of wealth .
control	N	3-1	Measures for the control of disease .	The control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw .
snap	V	1-2	To snap a fastener .	The lock snapped shut .
pace	N	5-7	He lived at a fast pace .	Even at the duel , standing 10 paces apart , he could have satisfied Aaron 's honor .
gather	V	0-6	Gather the close family members .	Be careful not to stretch or gather your knitting .
work	V	2-3	He never worked because he inherited a lot of money .	My wife never worked .
foot	N	4-2	Armored from head to foot .	His bare feet projected from his trousers .
level	N	6-5	The pictures were at the same level .	Park the car on the level .
return	N	1-12	In return we gave them as good as we got .	His gross income was enough that he had to file a tax return .
make	V	6-1	One swallow does not a summer make .	Clothes make the man .
life	N	5-12	The battery had a short life .	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .
quibble	V	3-3	Let 's not quibble over pennies .	They are constantly quibbling over insignificant details .
leave	V	6-2	At what time does your train leave ?	The ship leaves at midnight .
make	V	4-6	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	You have to spend money to make money !
develop	V	2-2	Could you develop the ideas in your thesis .	The patient developed abdominal pains .
wave	N	1-3	A wave of settlers .	Troops advancing in waves .
break	V	0-0	Break down a proof .	Break an alibi .
ply	V	0-1	Ply your wits !	He plied his trade as carpenter for forty-three years .
drive	V	1-0	We drive the turnpike to work .	Drive the forest .
nick	N	4-9	He 's in the nick .	He was arrested and taken down to Sun Hill nick police station to be charged .
bed	N	6-1	Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach .	Sea bed .
drive	V	0-1	Drive the forest .	She drove me to school every day .
panel	N	2-4	Today 's panel includes John Smith .	He checked the instrument panel .
end	N	3-4	She knotted the end of the thread .	They rode to the end of the line .
session	N	2-5	A training session .	Are we having a recording session ? " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . " .
war	N	1-2	The war on poverty .	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .
culture	N	16-3	The reason that the agency is doomed to inaction has something to do with the FBI culture .	The developing drug culture .
wash	N	4-7	My jacket needs a wash .	I 'm going to have a quick wash before coming to bed .
taproot	N	1-7	The taproot of his resentment .	Genius and insanity spring from the same taproot .
develop	V	2-1	Could you develop the ideas in your thesis .	Spassky developed quickly .
give	V	3-4	What will you give her for her birthday ?	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .
smoke	N	3-5	It was just smoke and mirrors .	His dreams all turned to smoke .
component	N	1-1	A component or constituent element of a system .	Spare components for cars .
application	N	2-6	A novel application of electronics to medical diagnosis .	December 31 is the deadline for applications .
inhibit	V	0-0	Inhibit the action of the enzyme .	Inhibit the rate of a chemical reaction .
catch	V	0-1	Catch one 's breath .	I caught some Z 's on the train .
have	V	1-5	I have two sisters .	How many cars does she have ?
order	N	1-5	The order of Saint Benedict .	An explosion of a low order of magnitude .
process	N	16-1	This product of last month 's quality standards committee is quite good , even though the process was flawed .	The process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls .
call	V	3-4	I would not call her beautiful .	Take two aspirin and call me in the morning .
opening	N	4-4	He slipped through an opening in the crowd .	There was a small opening between the trees .
orient	V	3-3	Let me just orient myself and we can be on our way .	We had to orient ourselves in the forest .
one	N	4-3	Driver , noun : one who drives .	This is the one I ordered .
start	V	1-3	I start my day with a good breakfast .	The blood shed started when the partisans launched a surprise attack .
machinery	N	2-1	The complex machinery of negotiation .	The machinery of command labored and brought forth an order .
truth	N	4-0	The lawyer questioned the truth of my account .	Truth to one 's own feelings is all-important in life .
use	V	2-1	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .	She uses her influential friends to get jobs .
avoid	V	4-1	Her former friends now avoid her .	He avoided going to the area .
hit	V	3-2	The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .	The thermometer hit 100 degrees .
strike	V	0-2	Strike coins .	The thought struck terror in our minds .
world	N	8-2	People are dying of starvation all over the world .	All the world loves a lover .
understand	V	1-1	I understand what she means .	I understand wanting more .
process	N	3-1	Events now in process .	The process of thinking .
see	V	2-1	Can you see the bird in that tree ?	I saw him laughing .
while	N	6-6	He was here for a little while .	He lectured for quite a long while .
form	N	9-5	To apply for the position , complete the application form .	He filled out his tax form .
work	V	5-2	Start from the bottom and work towards the top .	She was working on her second martini when the guests arrived .
show	V	4-4	The dirty side will show .	His good upbringing really shows .
serve	V	3-2	This table would serve very well .	He had served in financial planning positions .
bake	V	1-0	Potatoes bake to a crisp .	Bake the potatoes .
go	V	6-2	How fast does your new car go ?	The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect .
serve	V	3-2	This table would serve very well .	His freedom served him well .
hit	V	1-1	He hit a home run .	He hit .300 in the past season .
par	N	0-2	Par for this course is 72 .	On a par with the best .
help	V	2-1	Can you help me carry this table ?	Everyone helped out during the earthquake .
make	V	1-0	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	Make merry .
school	N	3-1	He walked to school every morning .	A school of small glittering fish swam by .
mouth	N	4-6	He rode into the mouth of the canyon .	They built a fire at the mouth of the cave .
grain	N	5-1	Saw the board across the grain .	A grain of salt .
develop	V	0-1	Develop a passion for painting .	Please develop this roll of film .
leave	N	3-4	He took his leave .	The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .
remember	V	0-1	Remember me in your prayers .	He remembered her in his will .
clear	V	0-0	Clear the water before it can be drunk .	Clear the patrons from the theater after the bomb threat .
hold	V	0-0	Hold your temper .	Hold your tongue .
cover	V	8-0	When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .	Cover the meat with a lot of gravy .
church	N	6-5	This building used to be a church before being converted into a library .	There is a lovely little church in the valley .
post	N	8-2	There is an officer 's club on the post .	This military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby .
stretch	N	8-1	I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .	A stretch of highway .
understand	V	1-1	I understand how to do it .	I understand what she means .
border	N	2-5	A solid border around a table of figures .	There 's a nice frilly border around the picture frame .
believe	V	4-1	Why did I ever believe you ?	She believes in spirits .
leave	V	0-5	Leave the young fawn alone .	Unfortunately , this cleaning product leaves behind a noticeable residue .
third	N	4-3	It contains approximately a third of the minimum daily requirement .	He ate a third of the pie .
now	N	5-0	It worked up to right now .	Now is the right time .
business	N	4-7	Show me where the business was today .	They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .
round	V	0-14	Round off the amount .	The total is $ 25,715 but to keep the figures simple , I 'll round it down to $ 25,000 .
water	V	4-1	I need to go water the cattle .	We watered the buffalo .
mean	V	1-9	I mean no harm .	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?
office	N	4-3	An executive or judical office .	He rented an office in the new building .
bolt	V	2-6	Do n't bolt your food !	Seeing the snake , the horse bolted .
body	N	1-3	A body of law .	They found the body in the lake .
process	V	0-0	Process a loan .	Process the applicants .
finish	N	2-5	When the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly .	The boat had a metallic finish .
age	N	6-6	It was replaced because of its age .	We 've known each other for ages .
like	V	1-1	I like jogging .	She likes to read Russian novels .
image	N	3-5	Although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry .	The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x ) = 2*x .
know	V	1-2	We know this movie .	Do you know my sister ?
product	N	3-3	Skill is the product of hours of practice .	Skill is the product of hours of practice .
time	N	0-3	Time stops for nobody .	He called four times .
connect	V	3-2	The two streets connect to become a highway .	Our computers connected together .
draw	V	1-3	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange .	The deed was drawn in the lawyer 's office .
unit	N	2-8	Change per unit volume .	He was a member of a special police unit .
lay	V	1-4	To lay a tax on land .	This hen does n't lay .
day	N	4-1	Every dog has his day .	My day began early this morning .
song	N	5-5	Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday .	With a shout and a song they marched up to the gates .
insulate	V	5-4	Ceramic can be used to insulate power lines .	We had his bedroom insulated before winter came .
peeler	N	1-4	Potato peeler .	She invented a potato peeler .
roll	V	0-1	Roll a cigarette .	They rolled from town to town .
reaction	N	3-2	The forces of reaction carried the election .	In this reaction , the acid and base will neutralize each other , producing a salt .
offset	V	2-0	I 'll offset the time difference locally .	Offset deposits and withdrawals .
ceremony	N	1-5	A ceremony commemorating Pearl Harbor .	He disposed of it without ceremony .
facelift	N	4-3	Give your home a facelift .	More than a facelift , the new model marks a fundamental change of direction .
throw	N	8-7	Football tickets are expensive at fifty bucks a throw .	He could n't afford $ 50 a throw .
shift	V	0-1	Shift the date for our class reunion .	She shifted slightly in her seat .
vote	N	11-4	The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .	There were only 17 votes in favor of the motion .
call	V	0-0	Call the speaker on a question of fact .	Call roll .
point	N	1-3	A point of information .	Get to the point .
toy	V	0-2	Toy with an idea .	Figo is toying with the English defence .
give	V	0-0	Give the orders .	Give him my best regards .
quality	N	13-10	A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .	Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth .
set	V	0-0	Set up an experiment .	Set the table .
communicate	V	2-3	Do you communicate well with your advisor ?	Many deaf people communicate with sign language .
ping	V	0-2	Ping your machine in the office .	The bugs pinged the lamp shade .
laugh	V	1-1	Paul laughed a cheerful laugh .	She laughed her excitement .
hit	V	3-2	He tries to hit on women in bars .	We were hit by really bad weather .
appearance	N	5-4	It was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America .	A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .
humor	N	5-11	She did n't appreciate my humor .	You ca n't survive in the army without a sense of humor .
pull	N	1-1	The pull up the hill had him breathing harder .	The pull of the moon .
make	V	2-3	Do n't make this into a big deal .	This invention will make you a millionaire .
set	V	0-1	Set a record .	To set pear trees in an orchard .
worry	N	5-1	It is not work but worry that kills .	His worry over the prospect of being fired .
halt	V	0-0	Halt the presses .	Halt the engines .
shovel	V	0-1	Shovel sand .	He shovelled in the backyard all afternoon long .
tension	N	6-0	He suffered from fatigue and emotional tension .	Tension holds the belt in the pulleys .
give	V	0-0	Give thought to .	Give priority to .
level	N	4-6	The water reached ankle level .	The pictures were at the same level .
charge	V	2-3	Can I charge this purchase ?	The suspect was charged with murdering his wife .
shuck	V	0-2	Shuck oysters .	Shall we shuck walnuts ?
face	N	5-4	He 's always stuffing his face with chips .	Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .
foot	N	1-1	The foot of the mountain .	The foot of the list .
check	V	4-8	These stories do n't check !	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .
cut	V	3-2	Would you please cut the cake ?	This knife cuts well .
lift	N	2-4	Take the lift to the fourth floor .	He responded with a lift of his eyebrow .
cut	V	2-1	If you cut then I 'll deal .	She cut the deck for a long time .
furniture	N	2-4	How much furniture did they leave behind ?	They had too much furniture for the small apartment .
fit	V	4-12	How does this shirt fit ?	If I lose a few kilos , the gorgeous wedding dress might fit me .
reflection	N	6-4	The dog barked at his own reflection in the mirror .	The pulse is a reflection of the heart 's condition .
rotation	N	1-8	Crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil .	The medical resident finished a two - week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .
run	V	0-2	Run a new program on the Mac .	I will run the sample .
leave	V	0-0	Leave the room .	Leave it as is .
take	V	0-3	Take the gun from your pocket .	The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word .
application	N	1-4	The application of indexes to tables of data .	Massage has far-reaching medical applications .
find	V	6-0	These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation .	Find the product of two numbers .
use	V	0-1	Use your head !	She used to call her mother every week but now she calls only occasionally .
trust	N	5-7	He needs to regain her trust if he is ever going to win her back .	He is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father .
drop	N	3-2	He had a drop too much to drink .	Put three drops of oil into the mixture .
shame	N	13-3	When I realized that I had hurt my friend , I felt deep shame .	One mistake brought shame to all his family .
key	N	1-1	The key to winning a game .	The key to solving this problem is persistence .
waste	N	3-6	Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers .	A life characterized by thriftlessness and waste .
consider	V	0-1	Consider the possibility of moving .	Please consider your family .
empathize	V	4-5	You really have to empathize with them .	You 've really got to empathize with what they want .
stay	V	0-1	Stay alone .	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .
leave	V	3-4	She wants to leave .	The president 's remarks left us speechless .
electrify	V	1-3	To electrify a jar .	This patriotic sentiment electrified the audience .
order	N	5-12	I gave the waiter my order .	The company 's products were in such demand that they got more orders than their call center could handle .
tip	N	3-4	He got a tip on the stock market .	They clambered to the tip of Monadnock .
crack	N	4-3	Open the door a crack .	There was a crack in the mirror .
patch	N	1-1	A patch of bad weather .	A patch of clouds .
application	N	1-2	The application of indexes to tables of data .	The iPhone application VR+ connects to major social networks .
youth	N	1-6	Her youth and beauty is what attracted him to her .	I made many mistakes in my youth , but learned from them all .
use	V	2-0	We only use Spanish at home .	Use your head !
relationship	N	10-1	He did n't want his wife to know of the relationship .	The relationship between mothers and their children .
carry	V	0-1	Carry the suitcases to the car .	Amanda carried the package .
explosion	N	1-1	The explosion was heard a mile away .	An explosion of rage .
thrust	V	1-9	She thrust the letter into his hand .	The front of the trains that had collided head-on thrust up into the air .
scale	N	1-6	The scale of the model .	There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .
run	V	0-0	Run a risk .	Run a temperature .
set	N	3-7	The subjects ' set led them to solve problems the familiar way and to overlook the simpler solution .	His instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set .
component	N	4-1	A CPU is a component of a computer .	Spare components for cars .
approach	V	2-11	Do n't approach that house .	He was an admirable poet , and thought even to have approached Homer . -- Sir William Temple .
charge	V	4-2	How much do you charge for lunch ?	The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks .
left	N	2-3	Take a left at the corner .	Jab with your left .
be	V	2-3	I shall be writing to you soon .	3 times 5 is fifteen .
open	V	2-1	Vermont will open elk hunting season next week .	This opens up new possibilities .
save	V	2-1	This will save you a lot of time .	She saved the old family photographs in a drawer .
get	V	2-3	We 'll get them !	This time I got him .
face	N	4-1	They climbed the north face of the mountain .	The face of the city is changing .
drive	N	1-2	His drive and energy exhausted his co-workers .	The riverside drive offers many exciting scenic views .
see	V	7-1	He is blind -- he can not see .	I saw their laughing and joking .
bake	V	1-1	Potatoes bake to a crisp .	I baked a delicious cherry pie .
leave	V	6-4	At what time does your train leave ?	His good luck finally left him .
volunteer	V	1-1	To volunteer for doing the dishes .	He volunteered the information .
guard	V	0-0	Guard against infection .	Guard against becoming too friendly with the staff .
make	V	3-1	She may not make the grade .	We made it !
direction	N	2-2	Is the direction of the economy a function of government ?	He gave directions faster than she could follow them .
song	N	4-1	I love hearing the song of canary birds .	The song of the wind .
declare	V	0-2	Declare dividends .	The President declared war .
snap	V	0-1	Snap your fingers .	Bullets snapped past us .
difference	N	9-8	You need to learn to be more tolerant of difference .	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .
drop	N	3-1	There was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery .	A drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index .
converge	V	2-2	The lines converge at this point .	The crowd converged on the movie star .
catch	V	8-1	I have to stop for a moment and catch my breath .	I caught some Z 's on the train .
enter	V	0-0	Enter a drug treatment program .	Enter negotiations .
toe	V	0-1	Toe a nail .	She toes inwards .
make	V	0-0	Make a phone call .	Make a move .
howl	N	1-3	The howl of the wind made him restless .	He gave a howl of pain .
throw	V	0-2	Throw the car into reverse .	The horse threw its inexperienced rider .
hold	N	3-3	He has a hold over them .	He ordered a hold in the action .
end	N	12-2	Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end .	At the end of the story , the main characters fall in love .
weakness	N	1-3	His weakness increased as he became older .	He has a weakness for chocolate .
intermingle	V	3-5	We do n't intermingle much .	The yolks and the whites intermingled .
resistance	N	4-1	The enemy offered little resistance .	The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics .
throw	V	0-2	Throw accusations at someone .	The horse threw its inexperienced rider .
crash	N	1-1	The crash occurred during a thunderstorm and the system has been down ever since .	His crash through the window .
follow	V	2-1	We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba .	Please follow the guide through the museum .
part	N	6-5	They resisted every effort on his part .	It requires vigilance on our part .
operation	N	2-5	A multinational operation .	They had to consolidate their operations .
make	V	1-6	They make a cute couple .	One swallow does not a summer make .
mean	V	1-1	I mean no harm .	Happiness means everything .
foot	N	4-1	Curled up on the foot of the bed .	The foot of the page .
seat	N	1-11	The seat of a saddle .	He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .
operation	N	3-5	A large-scale farming operation .	It can perform millions of operations per second .
bear	V	3-0	She agreed to bear the responsibility .	Bearing orders .
origin	N	1-1	Mineral origin .	Vegetable origins .
quality	N	3-14	A man of quality .	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .
art	N	1-6	An art exhibition .	I was never any good at art .
mercy	N	3-5	It was a mercy that we were not inside when the roof collapsed .	He threw himself on the mercy of the court .
erase	V	3-1	The files will erase quickly .	I erased that note because it was wrong .
war	N	0-2	War was declared in November but actual fighting did not begin until the following spring .	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .
make	V	1-1	Clothes make the man .	This makes the third infraction .
strike	V	0-2	Strike a bargain .	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .
demobilization	N	1-0	Immediate demobilization of the reserves .	Demobilization of factories .
spot	N	1-3	Night spot .	A leopard 's spots .
touch	V	3-5	I would n't touch her with a ten-foot pole .	The local Mafia wo n't touch gambling .
set	V	0-0	Set the table .	Set the dogs on the scent of the missing children .
have	V	3-0	What do we have here ?	Have a lover .
majority	N	8-1	Those opposing the building plans were in the majority , so the building project was canceled .	The majority agreed that the new proposal was the best .
profession	N	7-10	The news spread rapidly through the medical profession .	His conduct is against the established practices of the legal profession .
extend	V	2-2	The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets .	My memory extends back to my fourth year of life .
attack	N	3-1	His plan of attack was misguided .	An attack on inflation .
throw	V	2-0	The horse threw its rider .	Throw a glance .
head	N	9-6	I could n't get his words out of my head .	This song keeps going through my head .
fire	N	3-2	He went through fire and damnation .	Hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes .
make	V	0-0	Make a phone call .	Make a decision .
put	V	1-3	He put all his efforts into this job .	I would n't put it that way .
finish	N	2-7	When the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly .	He applied a coat of a clear finish .
stick	V	0-0	Stick the photo onto the corkboard .	Stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it .
furniture	N	4-6	They had too much furniture for the small apartment .	There was only one piece of furniture in the room .
day	N	1-4	My day began early this morning .	It was a busy day on the stock exchange .
interest	N	4-5	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .	Lexicography is one of my interests .
port	V	0-0	Port the helm .	Port arms !
say	V	4-1	What does the law say ?	She said her ` Hail Mary ' .
fatigue	N	6-13	The American public is experiencing scandal fatigue .	After watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue .
grow	V	3-5	Corn does n't grow here .	In these forests , mushrooms grow under the trees .
building	N	6-4	My sister lives in that apartment building .	There was a three-story building on the corner .
burn	V	0-2	Burn a CD .	Witches were burned in Salem .
matter	N	5-7	He always took some reading matter with him on the plane .	They were friends and it was no matter who won the games .
tension	N	3-3	There is a tension between these approaches to understanding history .	There is a tension created between narrative time and movie time .
time	N	4-10	We had a wonderful time at the party .	He is not living at home because he is doing time .
verify	V	0-1	Verify a claim .	Please verify that the doors are closed .
outwardness	N	6-9	What is the origin of the outwardness of our sensations of sound , smell , or taste .	An abstract conception with feelings of reality and spatial outwardness attached to it .
play	V	0-1	Play games .	Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches .
beat	V	2-0	The drums beat all night .	Beat the rhythm .
feel	V	6-1	My cold is gone -- I feel fine today .	She felt tired after the long hike .
hold	V	1-2	To hold good .	The weather held .
case	N	3-1	It was a case of bad judgment .	A case of the jitters .
copy	N	4-4	The clone was a copy of its ancestor .	Please bring me the copies of those reports .
strike	V	0-0	Strike a medal .	Strike coins .
quality	N	1-3	The quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare .	One of the qualities of pure iron is that it does not rust easily .
treat	V	0-9	Treat the lawn with chemicals .	Do n't worry about the expensive wine -- I'm treating .
proficiency	N	7-3	To attain ( or to reach ) proficiency .	A test of proficiency in English .
beg	V	1-1	I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .	I begged her for release .
bevy	N	1-5	A bevy of young beach boys swarmed around him .	He was surrounded by a bevy of beauties in bathing attire .
believe	V	11-8	When you hear his sermons , you will be able to believe , too .	After that night in the church , I believed .
institution	N	1-4	The institution of marriage .	He had become an institution in the theater .
lot	N	4-0	They were an angry lot .	Lots of people think so .
draft	N	4-7	They served beer on draft .	He left the country to avoid the draft .
go	V	5-5	These ugly billboards have to go !	This chair has got to go .
mouth	N	5-5	She wiped lipstick from her mouth .	The jar had a wide mouth .
time	N	1-4	This time he succeeded .	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .
admit	V	1-2	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .	A ticket admits one into a playhouse .
side	N	5-7	He is on the purchasing side of the business .	The patient was bleeding on the right side .
note	N	5-3	It ended on a sour note .	There was a note of gaiety in her manner .
eye	N	5-3	He has an artist 's eye .	She has an eye for fresh talent .
window	N	4-0	You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .	Window of opportunity .
mean	V	1-2	I mean no harm .	I only meant to help you .
smell	V	0-1	Smell out corruption .	I smell trouble .
consider	V	2-2	You must consider her age .	I 'm considering going to the beach tomorrow .
economy	N	0-6	Economy of effort .	The Scots are famous for their economy .
answer	V	0-1	Answer the telephone .	Nobody answered when I knocked on the door .
language	N	2-5	The English language .	He did n't have the language to express his feelings .
dress	V	0-0	Dress a turkey .	Dress the surface smooth .
drop	N	3-1	He had a drop too much to drink .	A drop of each sample was analyzed .
dip	N	3-2	There was a dip in the road .	This onion dip is just scrumptious .
bit	N	5-3	I 'd like a big bit of cake , please .	There are 8 bits in a byte .
date	N	4-7	They are up to date .	We have n't heard from them to date .
lunchtime	N	4-3	He observed a regular lunchtime .	It 's almost lunchtime , so I think I 'll finish up later this afternoon .
beg	V	0-0	Beg the question .	Beg the point in the discussion .
home	N	0-5	Home is where the heart is .	There 's no place like home .
academy	N	2-2	A riding academy .	The American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
shopping	N	3-6	Women carrying home shopping did n't give me a second glance .	I carried three heavy bags of shopping up the stairs .
resign	V	6-8	He had no choice but to resign the game and let his opponent become the champion .	After fighting for so long , she finally resigned to her death .
direction	N	2-5	Is the direction of the economy a function of government ?	I could n't follow the direction of his thoughts .
baby	N	6-4	The annual report has been my baby since September .	This project is his baby .
strike	V	4-2	The opponent refused to strike .	The boxer struck the attacker dead .
seek	V	0-0	Seek happiness .	Seek an education .
quality	N	1-13	The quality of students has risen .	A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .
beg	V	1-1	I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .	I begged for her to do it .
performance	N	3-5	They admired his performance under stress .	They listened to ten different performances .
begin	V	4-1	You can not even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war .	He began early in the day .
apparition	N	1-5	The apparition of Lawyer Clippurse occasioned much speculation in that portion of the world . – Sir W. Scott .	Natives were amazed at the apparition of this white stranger .
case	N	2-5	A mental case .	The musicians left their instrument cases backstage .
keep	V	0-3	Keep count .	I can not keep track of all my employees .
top	N	4-4	She tied her bikini top .	He screamed at the top of his lungs .
score	N	4-1	Add it to my score and I 'll settle later .	A score were sent out but only one returned .
impression	N	4-4	He did a funny impression of a politician .	The dentist took an impression for use in preparing an inlay .
take	V	2-1	I 'll take the blue plates .	We took the road on the right .
care	V	3-3	I do n't care .	I do n't care what he does .
scene	N	3-12	He made a scene .	The play is divided into three acts , and in total twenty-five scenes .
seek	V	0-0	Seek happiness .	Seek a position .
order	N	4-3	The house is in order .	IBM received an order for a hundred computers .
land	V	5-2	The plane is about to land .	The ship landed in Pearl Harbor .
heart	N	1-5	The heart and soul of the Republican Party .	They ran forward into the heart of the struggle .
check	V	0-1	Check your luggage before boarding .	She checked for an instant and missed a step .
practice	N	6-11	A hard theory to put into practice .	That may work in theory , but will it work in practice ?
receive	V	0-0	Receive payment .	Receive a gift .
system	N	1-5	The system consists of a motor and a small computer .	He bought a new stereo system .
pull	V	0-7	Pull a horse .	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .
boy	N	4-3	The baby was a boy .	Steve is a boy of 16 .
confidence	N	2-5	I have confidence in our team .	Everyone trusted him with their confidences .
pop	V	0-2	Pop the clutch .	The muskets popped away on all sides .
disposition	N	4-3	A swelling with a disposition to rupture .	Salt has a disposition to dissolve in water .
quality	N	14-3	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .	One of the qualities of pure iron is that it does not rust easily .
leave	V	0-0	Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .	Leave it as is .
furniture	N	9-4	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .	They had too much furniture for the small apartment .
pay	V	0-2	Pay a debt .	Do n't pay him any mind .
pay	V	0-1	Pay a visit .	It pays to go through the trouble .
shade	N	6-2	It is much cooler in the shade .	Close the shade , please : it 's too bright in here .
extension	N	1-0	Good extension comes from a combination of training and native ability .	Extension of the program to all in need .
area	N	8-1	The photo is a little dark in that area .	The area of a rectangle .
neck	N	5-5	The banjo had a long neck .	The bottle had a wide neck .
approve	V	1-2	I approve of his educational policies .	I certainly approved of Mary 's acquaitance .
arouse	V	0-1	Arouse pity .	To arouse jealousy .
loaf	N	1-1	Sugar loaf .	Meat loaf .
pay	V	6-1	How much does this savings certificate pay annually ?	To pay attention .
close	V	0-0	Close with the enemy .	Close the door .
lift	V	0-1	Lift a ban .	I lifted the books onto the table .
floor	N	7-1	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .	The floor of the cave .
fall	V	0-1	Fall asleep .	She fell to pieces after she lost her work .
dissent	V	0-2	Dissent to the laws of the country .	Several Republicans dissented .
seat	N	4-4	He dusted off the seat before sitting down .	There are two hundred seats in this classroom .
richness	N	6-1	He was well aware of the richness of his own appearance .	The richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty .
dig	V	0-0	Dig the oars into the water .	Dig your foot into the floor .
make	V	3-1	This invention will make you a millionaire .	She made us look silly .
eat	V	3-4	What do whales eat ?	This dog does n't eat certain kinds of meat .
pull	V	0-0	Pull your knees towards your chin .	Pull the handle towards you .
cycle	N	9-3	The " Ring of the Nibelung " is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner , the famous nineteenth-century German composer .	Schubert 's song cycles .
leave	V	0-0	Leave the young fawn alone .	Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .
lot	N	2-3	A building lot in a city .	He bought a lot on the lake .
talk	V	4-9	They sat down to talk business .	Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .
third	N	9-6	He was cut down on a close play at third .	A simple harmony written in major thirds .
tendency	N	1-3	A tendency to be too strict .	Denim has a tendency to fade .
coverage	N	6-3	They accused the paper of biased coverage of race relations .	There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .
return	N	1-2	The return of spring .	The average return was about 5 % .
stretch	V	0-1	Stretch the fabric .	I stretched the rubber band until it almost broke .
carry	V	2-3	These bonds carry warrants .	This new washer carries a two year guarantee .
rest	N	10-6	The sun sets , and the workers go to their rest .	I need to get a good rest tonight ; I was up late last night .
clear	V	0-2	Clear a debt .	The fog cleared in the afternoon .
strike	V	0-2	Strike ` z ' on the keyboard .	The pianist strikes a middle C .
misplay	V	1-1	He misplayed his promising position .	I misplayed the tennis shot , I should have hit it to her right instead of left and she 'd have had more trouble returning it .
branch	N	1-6	A branch of Congress .	He broke off one of the branches .
foulness	N	4-3	Mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed .	He understood the foulness of sin .
top	N	3-5	He removed the top of the carton .	The mower cuts off the tops of the grass .
grate	V	0-1	Grate one 's teeth in anger .	To grate a window .
pledge	N	4-2	His saxophone was in pledge .	Signed a pledge never to reveal the secret .
brim	V	0-2	Brim a cup to good fellowship .	The room brimmed with people .
point	N	2-3	The main point on the agenda was taken up first .	What is the point of discussing it ?
utility	N	4-7	A computer system provides utility programs to perform the tasks needed by most users .	The price of the house included all utilities .
work	V	4-2	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?	She never worked because she inherited a lot of money .
order	N	5-4	An explosion of a low order of magnitude .	It was on the order of a mile .
tongue	N	4-0	She has a glib tongue .	Tongues of flame licked at the walls .
deliver	V	0-2	Deliver the mail .	The guard delivered the criminal to the police .
sense	N	5-5	Fortunately she had the good sense to run away .	He has n't got the sense God gave little green apples .
denial	N	10-5	Every time we asked for an interview we got a denial .	It resulted in a complete denial of his privileges .
outwardness	N	6-1	What is the origin of the outwardness of our sensations of sound , smell , or taste .	The outwardness of the world .
shopping	N	3-6	She loaded her shopping into the car .	I carried three heavy bags of shopping up the stairs .
bake	V	1-3	Potatoes bake to a crisp .	She 's been baking all day to prepare for the dinner .
forbid	V	2-2	The rules forbid our smoking .	The rules forbid us from smoking .
ball	N	1-1	The ball was already emptying out before the fire alarm sounded .	The ball rolled into the corner pocket .
light	N	8-10	I 'm really seeing you in a different light today .	Magoon 's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter .
war	N	2-9	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .	In the US , conservatives rail against the " war on Christmas " .
gather	V	0-2	Gather some stones .	The teacher gathered the kids together .
optimization	N	2-3	The simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability .	To promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products .
stretch	V	0-6	Stretch the imagination .	To enjoy the picnic , we stretched out on the grass .
hold	V	6-0	The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs .	Hold the horse .
touch	V	12-3	Please can I have a look , if I promise not to touch ?	I would n't touch her with a ten-foot pole .
war	N	2-1	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .	The war on poverty .
horizon	N	4-13	It is beyond the horizon of present knowledge .	Some students take a gap year after finishing high school to broaden their horizons .
stay	V	5-2	Wear gloves so your hands stay warm .	We are staying in Detroit .
case	N	14-4	For English , a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases , the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters .	That was not the case .
match	V	13-0	These two copies are supposed to be identical , but they do n't match .	Match my sweater .
floor	N	1-7	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .
sell	V	4-2	The French try to sell us their image as great lovers .	The brothers sell shoes .
extension	N	1-7	The extension of ` satellite of Mars ' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos .	A text file will have a file extension of .txt .
have	V	3-3	I do n't have any money left .	What do we have here ?
business	N	5-0	He bought his brother 's business .	Business has been slow lately .
leak	N	1-6	A leak in a gas pipe .	He had to clean up the leak .
key	N	5-7	He spoke in a low key .	Some students cheated by using the answer key .
field	N	8-6	Anthropologists do much of their work in the field .	He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .
summit	N	9-10	The region is a few molecules wide at the summit .	In summer , it is possible to hike to the summit of Mt. Shasta .
block	N	7-1	Anne Boleyn placed her head on the block and awaited her execution .	A block of stone .
size	N	5-6	The only city of any size in that area .	He blanched when he saw the size of the bill .
folk	N	4-0	They 're just country folk .	Folks around here drink moonshine .
ambition	N	1-1	My ambition is to own a helicopter .	His ambition is to own his own business .
connect	V	4-2	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	Our computers connected .
work	V	5-2	The voting process does n't work as well as people thought .	The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water .
forefront	N	8-6	The idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy .	The Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England .
exercise	N	4-6	The doctor recommended regular exercise .	The teacher told us the next exercise is to write an essay .
strike	V	0-2	Strike a medal .	The teacher struck the child .
order	N	0-2	Order ruled in the streets .	Law and order .
pay	V	2-1	Does she pay you for the work you are doing ?	He paid off the loan three months early .
drive	V	2-0	Can you drive this four-wheel truck ?	Drive the game .
faith	N	2-2	I have faith in the goodness of my fellow man .	They broke faith with their investors .
time	N	1-3	This time he succeeded .	He called four times .
carry	V	1-1	I carry these thoughts in the back of my head .	I carry a lot of life insurance .
business	N	7-0	They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .	Business has been slow lately .
place	N	8-5	Do you want to come over to my place later ?	A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .
notice	N	6-1	You did n't give me enough notice .	A notice of sale .
period	N	2-3	Hastened the period of time of his recovery .	Picasso 's blue period .
treat	V	4-4	She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke .	The patient must be treated right away or she will die .
beat	V	0-0	Beat the cream .	Beat the subway fare .
pull	V	0-0	Pull the trigger of the gun .	Pull the rope .
sanitize	V	0-0	Sanitize a document before releasing it to the press .	Sanitize the language in a book .
operation	N	8-2	They paid taxes on every stage of the operation .	A multinational operation .
part	N	3-4	She played the part of Desdemona .	We all have a part to play .
travel	N	7-1	He enjoyed selling but he hated the travel .	Space travel .
foot	N	4-4	Armored from head to foot .	Curled up on the foot of the bed .
make	V	3-1	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house-cleaning .
tab	N	4-4	Files with a red tab will be stored separately .	The collar has a tab with a button hole .
rule	N	3-3	It was his rule to take a walk before breakfast .	He knew the rules of chess .
make	V	0-0	Make clay into bricks .	Make lead into gold .
operation	N	4-15	They will schedule the operation as soon as an operating room is available .	It is dangerous to look at the beam of a laser while it is in operation .
institution	N	1-1	The institution of slavery .	The institution of marriage .
statement	N	4-4	His tantrums are a statement of his need for attention .	A Cadillac makes a statement about who you are .
readiness	N	3-2	Putting them in readiness .	A happy readiness of conversation "-- Jane Austen .
develop	V	1-1	Please develop this roll of film for me .	They developed a new technique .
light	N	4-7	He stepped into the light .	They played as long as it was light .
vehicle	N	4-4	A congregation is a vehicle of group identity .	His editorials provided a vehicle for his political views .
sign	N	4-2	The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .	He showed signs of strain .
back	V	2-3	Can you back up your claims ?	I ca n't back this plan .
run	V	3-4	Let the dogs run free .	Who are these people running around in the building ?
work	N	7-11	A lot of people are out of work .	He has n't come home yet , he 's still at work .
set	V	0-0	Set these words in italics .	Set the house afire .
center	N	3-5	It is a center 's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback .	His stories made him the center of the party .
read	V	0-2	Read the advertisement .	Have you read Salman Rushdie ?
hedge	V	5-0	Diversify your financial portfolio to hedge price risks .	Hedge your bets .
trace	V	0-0	Trace a pattern .	Trace a design .
support	N	3-6	The government provides support to the arts in several ways .	The president no longer has the support of his own party .
lash	V	1-2	To lash something to a spar .	The lion lashed its tail .
cover	V	4-0	The grant does n't cover my salary .	Cover the child with a blanket .
develop	V	1-0	Please develop this roll of film for me .	Develop land .
face	V	1-0	To face the front of a coat , or the bottom of a dress .	Face the lapels of the jacket .
language	N	0-1	Language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals .	The language introduced is standard throughout the text .
call	V	3-0	We could always call on a friend .	Call roll .
tolerate	V	13-3	I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .	He learned to tolerate the heat .
take	V	1-3	I take it you 're not going ?	You ca n't take credit for this !
work	V	2-1	I will work hard to improve my grades .	John worked with Paul on the task .
age	N	5-2	We live in a litigious age .	The Tithonian Age was the last in the Late Jurassic epoch .
complexion	N	2-3	A rugged complexion .	A liberal political complexion .
difference	N	6-5	It just wo n't make much difference to me .	His support made a real difference .
cry	V	9-1	Before we had newspapers , a town crier would cry the news .	He cried his merchandise in the market square .
token	N	9-2	According to the Bible , the rainbow is a token of God 's covenant with Noah .	A book token is the easiest option for a Christmas gift .
number	N	1-10	The number of parameters is small .	In English the subject and the verb must agree in number .
nose	N	4-6	He ducked under the nose of the gun .	He has a cold in the nose .
order	N	0-5	Order ruled in the streets .	The machinery is out of order .
pack	V	3-0	You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice .	Pack your tents to the top of the mountain .
demand	N	4-1	The automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips .	His demands for attention were unceasing .
bankruptcy	N	1-1	Spiritual bankruptcy .	Moral bankruptcy .
experience	N	4-3	He had a religious experience .	He recalled the experience vividly .
movement	N	2-8	The second movement is slow and melodic .	It was an expensive watch with a diamond movement .
union	N	4-2	There is strength in union .	The Soviet Union .
include	V	9-2	I will purchase the vacation package if you will include car rental .	We must include this chemical element in the group .
movement	N	9-2	The succession of flashing lights gave an illusion of movement .	The labor movement has been struggling in America since the passage of the Taft-Hartley act in 1947 .
stay	N	4-3	They had a nice stay in Paris .	A lengthy hospital stay .
year	N	2-2	In the year 1920 .	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .
resolution	N	3-1	Printing at higher resolution will cause a reduction in performance .	The resolution of an equation .
order	N	8-2	A friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there .	Law and order .
come	V	0-3	Come into contact with a terrorist group .	Your wish will come true .
trade	N	5-7	As they say in the trade .	They are accused of conspiring to constrain trade .
carry	V	2-1	These pipes carry waste water into the river .	Amanda carried the package from home .
stuff	N	1-5	The stuff of heros .	You do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine .
back	V	0-2	Back into the driveway .	The wind backed .
course	N	1-5	The course of the river .	The government took a firm course .
strengthen	V	1-2	To strengthen authority .	His body strengthened .
immolate	V	0-2	Immolate the valuables at the temple .	The Aztecs immolated human victims .
form	N	4-8	His resentment took the form of extreme hostility .	The composition presents problems for students of musical form .
unionize	V	15-11	My uncle got roughed up by some corporate thugs after they caught him trying to unionize their workers .	The company laid off all the workers when they tried to unionize .
allow	V	5-1	This sealed door wo n't allow the water come into the basement .	To allow a servant his liberty .
surprise	N	1-2	The surprise attack was devastating .	Imagine my surprise on learning I owed twice as much as I thought I did .
trade	N	4-3	I had no further trade with him .	I did no trades with them once the rumors started .
earth	V	0-9	Earth the circuit .	That noise is because the amplifier is not properly earthed .
tea	N	4-8	Would you like some tea ?	The store shelves held many different kinds of tea .
block	N	11-1	I knew his name perfectly well but I had a temporary block .	A block of stone .
difference	N	6-1	It just wo n't make much difference to me .	The difference in her is amazing .
face	N	3-9	He washed his face .	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news .
call	V	4-1	The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens .	She called her children lazy and ungrateful .
staple	N	5-0	Tow is flax with short staple .	Staple fibers vary widely in length .
unit	N	1-8	A unit of wheat is a bushel .	He was a member of a special police unit .
command	N	5-3	General Smith was placed in command .	An admiral in command .
union	N	4-4	There is strength in union .	Let C be the union of the sets A and B .
air	N	7-7	Open a window and let in some air .	As he waited he could feel the air on his neck .
roll	V	0-2	Roll a cigarette .	The drawer rolled open .
mire	N	3-10	Caught in the mire of poverty .	The country is still trying to climb out of the mire left by its previous president .
bid	N	1-1	His bid was $ 35,000 .	A bid for a lucrative transport contract .
acknowledgment	N	11-4	She must have seen him but she gave no sign of acknowledgment .	The preface contained an acknowledgment of those who had helped her .
finish	N	7-3	He applied a coat of a clear finish .	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .
play	V	0-2	Play cards .	Who 's playing now ?
beat	V	0-0	Beat the subway fare .	Beat a path through the forest .
keep	V	0-2	Keep count .	The pianist kept time with the metronome .
classify	V	2-3	Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?	How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric ?
pull	V	0-0	Pull a bank robbery .	Pull a chicken .
buy	V	4-3	I 'm going to buy my father something nice for his birthday .	This sum will buy you a ride on the train .
nick	N	7-4	He 's just been released from Shadwell nick prison after doing ten years for attempted murder .	He 's in the nick .
dwelling	N	6-2	The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .	Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson .
par	N	0-7	Par for this course is 72 .	He needs to make this shot for par .
charge	V	4-2	How much do you charge for lunch ?	This fellow charges $ 100 for a massage .
stretch	V	2-2	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .	His mustache stretched all the way to his sideburns .
area	N	7-1	It was about 500 square feet in area .	The area of a rectangle .
neighborhood	N	5-8	The price is in the neighborhood of $ 100 .	He always blames someone else in the immediate neighborhood .
drag	V	2-0	Do n't drag me into this business .	Drag this icon to the lower right hand corner of the screen .
commercialization	N	6-4	The government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development .	My father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege .
field	N	10-8	There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .	This racehorse is the strongest in a weak field .
back	N	6-6	He wrote the date on the back of the photograph .	I hung the clothes on the back of the door .
piece	N	6-2	The children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests .	An important piece of the evidence .
teach	V	2-2	Can you teach me to sew ?	Can you teach sewing to me ?
form	N	7-4	He was at the top of his form .	The team was off form last night .
think	V	3-1	She did n't think to harm me .	We thought to return early that night .
post	N	3-2	He occupied a post in the treasury .	Sent via post .
see	V	2-3	I can see what will happen .	I ca n't see him on horseback !
bit	N	3-3	In just a bit .	There are 8 bits in a byte .
stay	V	1-3	To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler .	I had to stay at home and watch the children .
face	N	4-3	They climbed the north face of the mountain .	Why the sad face ?
death	N	1-4	The death of my grandmother saddened the whole family .	She stayed until his death .
space	N	8-5	They tested his ability to locate objects in space .	Write your name in the space provided .
empathize	V	4-4	You really have to empathize with their doing it .	You really have to empathize with them .
serve	V	3-1	This table would serve very well .	They serve a restricted role on the bench .
follow	V	2-1	Can you follow her argument ?	She followed the men with the binoculars .
orbit	N	3-3	The Moon 's orbit around the Earth takes nearly one month to complete .	In the political orbit of a world power .
do	V	0-2	Do research .	This car does 150 miles per hour .
stretch	V	0-3	Stretch out that piece of cloth .	The rubber band stretched almost to the breaking point .
pay	V	0-1	Pay up , please !	It pays to go through the trouble .
course	N	1-3	The course of the river .	He took a course in basket weaving .
go	V	4-2	His knowledge does n't go very far .	This property goes all the way to the state line .
tail	N	25-4	After the burly macho nudists ' polar bear dip , their tails were spectacularly shrunk , so they looked like an immature kid 's innocent tail .	Most primates have a tail and fangs .
fire	N	4-3	They sat by the fire and talked .	He went through fire and damnation .
protection	N	3-2	He made trade protection a plank in the party platform .	Insurance provided protection against loss of wages due to illness .
strike	V	0-2	Strike a match .	The teacher struck the child .
time	N	6-4	It took more than half my time .	I did n't have time to finish .
develop	V	0-1	Develop a market for the new mobile phone .	Please develop this roll of film .
extend	V	0-2	Extend the casserole with a little rice .	Can we extend the legs of this dining table ?
word	N	5-4	He did n't say a word about it .	Can I have a word with you ?
bed	N	7-8	He searched for treasure on the ocean bed .	There 's a lot of trash on the bed of the river .
breakfast	V	1-1	We breakfast at seven .	Cynthia breakfasted on peaches .
seat	N	1-1	The seat of these trousers is almost worn through .	The seat of his pants was worn through .
authority	N	0-3	Authority for the program was renewed several times .	He is an authority on corporate law .
echo	N	4-6	Napoleon III was an echo of the mighty Emperor but an infinitely better man .	His contention contains more than an echo of Rousseau .
play	V	0-1	Play sports .	We played hockey all afternoon .
heart	N	1-1	The heart and soul of the Republican Party .	The heart and soul of any democracy is its electorate .
finish	N	2-4	His best finish in a major tournament was third .	Excitement grew as the finish neared .
sense	N	1-1	A sense of self .	A sense of security .
bake	V	0-3	Bake the potatoes .	She 's been baking all day to prepare for the dinner .
blow	V	1-0	To blow a horse .	Blow now !
toy	V	1-0	To toy with a piece of food on one 's plate .	Toy with an idea .
drink	N	5-3	Can I buy you a drink ?	He took a drink of his beer and smacked his lips .
shade	V	0-6	Shade the meaning .	The hillside was bright green , shading towards gold in the drier areas .
game	N	5-7	I saw through his little game from the start .	You need four people to play this game .
field	N	8-5	A crop circle was made in a corn field .	They are outstanding in their field .
firewood	N	11-6	After many days of hard work , we finally had enough firewood for the winter .	They collected and cut their own firewood .
serve	V	1-1	They serve a restricted role on the bench .	She served in Congress for two terms .
border	N	2-1	A solid border around a table of figures .	The border between Canada and USA is the longest in the world .
bounce	V	6-3	The ex-boxer 's job is to bounce people who want to enter this private club .	The rubber ball bounced .
wall	N	5-1	Negotiations ran into a brick wall .	A wall of smoke .
make	V	2-0	Do n't make this into a big deal .	Make yourself clear .
touch	V	2-2	Do n't touch my CDs !	Stefan was touched by the song 's message of hope .
connect	V	4-2	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?
taste	N	5-7	The melon had a delicious taste .	The candy left him with a bad taste .
opinion	N	7-1	He asked for a poll of public opinion .	His opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page .
have	V	3-1	Look what I have here — a frog I found on the street !	He had a cold last week .
trim	V	0-0	Trim an airplane .	Trim the photograph .
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a gas pipe .	A leak in a boat .
use	V	2-0	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .	Use this knife to slice the bread .
submission	N	1-5	His submission to the will of God .	The union was brought into submission .
past	N	13-2	A book about a time machine that can transport people back into the past .	Forget the past .
thing	N	1-2	A thing of the spirit .	A funny thing happened on the way to the ...
stay	V	0-0	Stay alone .	Stay put in the corner here !
time	N	9-10	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .	He is not living at home because he is doing time .
baby	N	3-1	When is your baby due ?	The baby of the Supreme Court .
join	V	2-3	Many children join a sports club .	Most politicians have joined a party .
mouth	N	6-3	They built a fire at the mouth of the cave .	He stuffed his mouth with candy .
time	N	7-3	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !	He called four times .
call	V	4-2	The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens .	The engineer called round whilst you were away .
picture	N	5-4	The author gives a depressing picture of life in Poland .	He had no clear picture of himself or his world .
roll	V	9-2	I want to get there early ; let 's roll .	The water rolled .
floor	N	5-7	The room has a wooden floor .	They needed rugs to cover the bare floors .
formation	N	1-1	The formation of memories .	The formation of sentences .
avoid	V	4-1	Her former friends now avoid her .	He avoided his nagging .
top	N	7-5	The title should be written at the top of the first page .	He got a bright red top and string for his birthday .
communicate	V	12-6	I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .	He and his sons have n't communicated for years .
run	V	2-1	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .	They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .
skinful	N	10-12	I was n't thinking straight – I 'd had a skinful that night .	Someone had to drive me home last night because I had a skinful .
cuddle	V	10-1	I 'm cold ; can you roll over here and cuddle me , honey ?	I cuddled the baby .
move	V	6-2	Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !	The horse moves a carriage .
sound	N	1-1	The sound awakened them .	Owen Sound .
influence	N	4-5	Used her parents ' influence to get the job .	She was the most important influence in my life .
catch	V	0-2	Catch fire .	The bucket catches water from the downspout .
apply	V	0-1	Apply for a job .	He applied for a leave of absence .
trace	V	0-2	Trace a design .	The women traced the pasture .
pay	V	0-9	Pay an obligation .	He was allowed to go as soon as he paid .
clear	V	0-2	Clear a debt .	The sky cleared .
tune	N	5-5	The clarinet was out of tune .	He can not sing in tune .
leak	N	6-1	One of the tires developed a leak .	The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military .
force	N	2-1	May the force be with you .	The forces of evil .
section	N	1-7	A section of a fishing rod .	She got a job in the historical section of the Treasury .
play	V	0-0	Play safe .	Play it safe .
book	N	1-4	The book of Isaiah .	Genesis is the first book of the Bible .
follow	V	2-3	Can you follow her argument ?	A terrible tsunami followed the earthquake .
academy	N	2-0	A riding academy .	Academies of literature and philology .
appearance	N	5-4	The rookie made a brief appearance in the first period .	David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .
nomination	N	2-1	The Republican nomination for Governor .	His nomination was hotly protested .
distribute	V	4-1	The publisher wants to distribute the book in Asia .	Values distribute .
eye	N	5-7	He tried to catch her eye .	The thread would n't go through the eye .
performance	N	3-11	They admired his performance under stress .	When Roger Maris powered four home runs in one game his performance merits awe .
emulsion	N	2-3	An oil-in-water emulsion .	Mayonnaise is an emulsion where egg is used to keep oil and water mixed .
see	V	3-3	I want to see results .	The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions .
pattern	N	4-2	They stayed in the pattern until the fog lifted .	The traffic patterns around O'Hare are very crowded .
set	V	0-0	Set these words in italics .	Set the tray down .
part	N	6-6	They resisted every effort on his part .	They analyzed the river into three parts .
find	V	0-2	Find the product of two numbers .	Water is found to be a compound substance .
stay	V	3-9	I had to stay at home and watch the children .	After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full-time .
strike	V	1-0	Please strike this remark from the record .	Strike a pose .
doubt	V	1-1	I doubt these reports .	He doubted that was really what you meant .
consummate	V	0-12	Consummate a marriage .	After the reception , he escorted her to the honeymoon suite to consummate their marriage .
liking	N	5-3	I 've always had a liking for reading .	She developed a liking for gin .
remove	V	0-1	Remove a threat .	Doug removed the smudges from the tabletop .
peace	N	8-4	Our lounge strives to maintain an environment of peace for the comfort of our customers .	My boy , this peace is what all true warriors strive for .
connect	V	4-2	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	These computers connected well .
shortness	N	1-3	The shortness of a stubby pencil .	The patient 's shortness of breath .
extension	N	4-1	They applied for an extension of the loan .	The extension of ` satellite of Mars ' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos .
course	N	3-4	He took a course in basket weaving .	She prepared a three course meal .
war	N	1-2	A war of wits .	A price war .
quality	N	9-1	This school is well-known for having teachers of high quality .	The quality of students has risen .
use	V	0-1	Use your head !	I used to get sick when I ate in that dining hall .
remove	V	0-0	Remove a threat .	Remove the dirty dishes from the table .
fit	V	12-5	If I lose a few kilos , the gorgeous wedding dress might fit me .	The small shirt does n't fit me , so I 'll buy the medium size .
personification	N	3-5	She is the personification of optimism .	The Grim Reaper is a personification of death .
place	V	4-1	They phoned hoping to place her in the management team .	I placed ten dollars on the Lakers beating the Bulls .
sentence	N	5-1	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .    He is not living at home because he is doing time .	His sentence was 5 to 10 years .
seat	N	11-4	He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .	There were not enough seats for all the guests .
post	N	5-7	It came by the first post .	If you hurry you 'll catch the post .
day	N	2-7	In the day of the dinosaurs .	He was a successful pianist in his day .
range	N	7-7	The plains lay just beyond the mountain range .	He dreamed of a home on the range .
life	N	2-1	He got life for killing the guard .	City life .
follow	V	2-4	Let 's follow our great helmsman !	The police had been following him for weeks but they could not prove his involvement in the bombing .
club	V	1-3	To club exertions .	The two men clubbed together .
luck	N	1-5	Bad luck caused his downfall .	I could n't believe my luck when I found a fifty dollar bill on the street .
strike	V	0-1	Strike a medal .	She struck her head on the low ceiling .
give	V	3-1	What will you give her for her birthday ?	She gave a pair of shoes to her husband for their anniversary .
breath	N	3-6	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .	He was fighting to his last breath .
voice	N	1-3	The voice of experience .	The wee small voice of conscience .
know	V	1-1	I know that the President lied to the people .	I know it 's time .
pull	N	5-5	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet .	The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .
neck	N	5-5	The horse won by a neck .	The bottle had a wide neck .
spread	V	1-1	I spread the rice grains evenly over the floor .	He spread fertilizer over the lawn .
touch	V	3-2	The two buildings touch .	Their hands touched .
face	N	2-3	An angry face .	Why the sad face ?
snorter	N	6-5	The maths problem is a real snorter , is n't it ?	The batsman succumbed to a snorter of short balls from the bowler and nicked a thin edge to the keeper .
neighborhood	N	1-4	My neighborhood voted for Bush .	It is a friendly neighborhood .
come	V	0-0	Come down here !	Come out of the closet !
ear	N	2-4	A good ear for pitch .	He had a keen ear .
business	N	7-0	They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .	Business is good today .
set	V	3-0	The film is set in Africa .	Set the tray down .
worry	N	4-5	I 'm afflicted by worry throughout the night .	It is not work but worry that kills .
audience	N	4-7	Every artist needs an audience .	He saw that he had lost his audience .
sex	N	2-10	We had sex in the back seat .	( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex .
beat	V	1-2	I beat the traffic .	The drums beat all night .
block	V	0-1	Block a garment .	I blocked the mittens by wetting them and pinning them to a shaped piece of cardboard .
confidence	N	0-6	Confidence is always borrowed , never owned .	After that failure he lost his confidence .
point	N	2-3	At that point I had to leave .	A row of points .
shock	N	2-8	The first shock of the earthquake came shortly after noon while workers were at lunch .	The train hit the buffers with a great shock .
time	N	3-1	See you another time .	This time he succeeded .
fill	N	8-3	The mixer returned to the plant for another fill .	He ate his fill of potatoes .
simplify	V	3-3	This move will simplify our lives .	We had to simplify the instructions .
air	N	6-5	He threw the ball into the air .	Her hand stopped in mid air .
feel	V	1-1	I feel that he does n't like me .	I felt my way cautiously through the dangerous business maneuver .
take	V	2-0	I 'll take that plate off the table .	Take these letters to the boss .
resistance	N	1-1	The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics .	Widespread resistance to the new urban development plans .
call	N	6-3	After two raises there was a call .	The salesman 's call on a customer .
inclination	N	2-1	The alkaline inclination of the local waters .	Her inclination is for classical music .
throat	N	1-1	The throat of a chimney .	The throat of the vase .
drop	V	0-3	Drop him from the Republican ticket .	Shop til you drop .
volume	N	7-1	The gas expanded to twice its original volume .	The volume of ticket sales decreased this week .
head	N	1-1	The head of the list .	The head of the stairs .
head	N	1-3	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .	They shot 20 head of quail .
skin	N	1-7	Your skin is the largest organ of your body .	He is so disgusting he makes my skin crawl .
knot	N	7-2	The saw buckled when it hit a knot .	A small knot of women listened to his sermon .
impact	N	8-5	Our choice of concrete will have a tremendous impact on the building 's mechanical performance .	The book had an important impact on my thinking .
ride	V	3-2	She loves to ride her new motorcycle through town .	The cab rode him downtown .
effect	N	6-5	The new law will come into effect on the first day of next year .	The law is still in effect .
head	N	1-1	200 head of cattle .	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .
read	V	3-3	I ca n't read his strange behavior .	The fortune teller read his fate in the crystal ball .
bum	N	4-9	That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo-yo .	That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !
wrestle	N	4-5	They had a fierce wrestle .	We watched his grappling and wrestling with the bully .
trial	N	6-5	A sample for ten days free trial .	Candidates must compete in a trial of skill .
sound	N	1-1	The sound awakened them .	Puget Sound .
work	V	2-1	I will work hard to improve my grades .	They worked at finishing the task .
counterfeit	V	1-1	To counterfeit the signature of another , coins , notes , etc .	They counterfeited dollar bills .
avoid	V	3-1	I try to avoid the company of gamblers .	He avoided going to the area .
have	V	1-0	I have a house and a car .	Have an assistant .
pay	V	3-1	Crime does n't pay .	He paid me 5000 pounds for the car .
skeleton	N	5-4	The battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self .	There must be a skeleton somewhere in that family 's closet .
touch	V	3-2	I would n't touch her with a ten-foot pole .	She never touched her husband .
pack	V	1-1	To pack goods in a box .	Crowds packed the stands .
call	V	0-4	Call a runner out .	The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens .
recognition	N	9-1	He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned .	Molecular recognition drives all of biology , for instance , hormone and receptor or antibody-antigen interactions or the organization of molecules into larger biologically active entities .
record	N	4-5	The prostitute had a record a mile long .	He ruled that the criminal record of the defendant could not be disclosed to the court .
place	N	1-4	A place in my heart .	He comes from a place near Chicago .
session	N	2-2	A filming session .	A gossip session .
point	N	3-8	He missed the point of the joke .	The cannibal 's teeth were filed to sharp points .
day	N	7-2	He was a successful pianist in his day .	In the days of the Roman Empire .
militate	V	1-1	To militate against the possibility of his election .	To militate in favor of a particular result .
catch	V	0-2	Catch fire .	The trees caught quickly in the dry wind .
drop	N	1-2	A drop of each sample was analyzed .	Put three drops of oil into the mixture .
field	N	6-8	He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .	This racehorse is the strongest in a weak field .
deliver	V	0-4	Deliver a package .	Our local super market delivers .
come	V	0-1	Come into the room .	He came through the door .
chain	N	5-1	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .	A chain of ideas , one leading to the next .
remember	V	2-3	Can you remember her phone number ?	I ca n't remember saying any such thing .
grip	N	11-4	It was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip .	There are several good grips on the northern face of this rock .
hit	V	1-3	I hit the jackpot .	The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .
time	N	3-4	That 's three times he 's made the same mistake .	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .
spot	N	10-6	Would you like to come round on Sunday for a spot of lunch ?	The leopard is noted for the spots of color in its fur .
resign	V	6-2	He had no choice but to resign the game and let his opponent become the champion .	The chairman resigned when he was found to have misappropriated funds .
progress	N	7-4	The thick branches overhanging the path made progress difficult .	He listened for the progress of the troops .
rub	V	0-1	Rub my hands .	I rubbed my hands together for warmth .
defense	N	0-6	Defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem .	A good boxer needs a good defense .
school	N	5-7	Our children attend a public school in our neighborhood .	Harvard University is a famous American postsecondary school .
osculate	V	3-2	These two surfaces osculate .	One curve osculates the other .
record	N	12-6	Al Smith used to say , ` Let 's look at the record ' .	His name is in all the record books .
shoot	V	0-0	Shoot a golf ball .	Shoot craps .
performance	N	5-2	We congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal .	The frequent performances of the symphony testify to its popularity .
throw	V	2-1	The horse threw its rider .	She threw herself forwards .
pull	V	6-1	You 're going to have to pull harder to get that cork out of the bottle .	He pulled out his gun before she had a chance to scream .
trial	N	4-1	He had a fair trial and the jury found him guilty .	The trials for the semifinals began yesterday .
seize	V	4-2	The rebels threaten to seize civilian hostages .	The terrorists seized the politicians .
orbit	V	1-2	Electrons orbit the nucleus .	The moon orbits around the Earth .
make	V	0-0	Make a cake .	Make a dress .
leak	N	1-6	A leak in a roof .	He had to clean up the leak .
scene	N	3-5	The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .	There were some very erotic scenes in the movie , although it was not classified as pornography .
baby	N	4-10	This project is his baby .	Stand up for yourself - do n't be such a baby !
furniture	N	3-6	A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .	There was only one piece of furniture in the room .
beat	V	0-1	Beat one 's breast .	This beats me !
life	N	5-3	He appointed himself emperor for life .	While there 's life there 's hope .
care	V	3-1	I do n't care what he does .	We cared about the opera .
plundering	N	1-1	The plundering of the Parthenon .	His plundering of the great authors .
substantiate	V	5-2	The president 's trip will substantiate good relations with the former enemy country .	The painting substantiates the feelings of the artist .
have	V	2-3	Now we have a fine mess .	What do we have here ?
fire	N	5-0	Put the kettle on the fire .	Fire was one of our ancestors ' first discoveries .
unit	N	1-6	A unit of wheat is a bushel .	The word is a basic linguistic unit .
stick	V	1-1	To stick an apple on a fork .	He stuck the cloth with the needle .
containment	N	1-1	The containment of the rebellion .	The containment of the AIDS epidemic .
stay	V	2-3	You can stay with me while you are in town .	I can only stay for an hour .
confidence	N	0-5	Confidence is always borrowed , never owned .	Everyone trusted him with their confidences .
appointment	N	1-4	The appointment had to be approved by the whole committee .	He erred by the appointment of unsuitable men .
set	N	2-2	The country set .	The smart set goes there .
throw	N	5-7	The catcher made a good throw to second base .	He could n't afford $ 50 a throw .
throw	V	0-2	Throw the car into reverse .	Have , throw , or make a party .
connect	V	2-3	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	This computer will connect well to the network .
come	V	0-8	Come out of the closet !	I was standing on the corner when Nick came up and asked for a cigarette .
head	N	1-6	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40 .
open	V	2-0	Vermont will open elk hunting season next week .	Open a business .
theater	N	6-5	His grandfather was in the Pacific theater during the war .	He served in the Vietnam theater for three years .
side	N	4-6	He never left my side .	They always sat on the right side of the church .
game	N	7-0	You need four people to play this game .	Games in the classroom can make learning fun .
run	N	2-4	A daily run of 100,000 gallons of paint .	Yesterday we did a run of 12,000 units .
limitation	N	6-2	It is growing rapidly with no limitation in sight .	Statute of limitations .
dress	V	3-1	Can the child dress by herself ?	Marlene dressed herself .
quality	N	3-13	A man of quality .	A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .
stick	N	1-1	A stick of dynamite .	Cinnamon sticks .
center	N	1-3	Convention center .	It is a center 's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback .
lot	N	3-0	Has a happy lot .	Lots of people think so .
accept	V	0-3	Accept students for graduate study .	I can not accept your invitation .
place	N	4-3	He comes from a place near Chicago .	He lost his place on the page .
shake	V	0-3	Shake the salt out of the salt shaker .	I could n't shake the car that was following me .
land	V	5-2	It can be tricky to land a helicopter .	The plane landed in Istanbul .
conflict	N	3-1	This form of conflict is essential to Mann 's writing .	A conflict of loyalties .
pack	V	5-1	Such odd-shaped items do not pack well .	She packs a gun when she goes into the mountains .
grate	V	0-0	Grate carrots and onions .	Grate nutmeg .
appointment	N	11-4	I 'm leaving work early because I have a doctor 's appointment .	He erred by the appointment of unsuitable men .
catch	V	3-0	Ears open to catch every sound .	Catch a glimpse .
locate	V	7-2	Our sense of sight enables us to locate objects in space .	Can you locate your cousins in the Midwest ?
winnow	V	0-0	Winnow chaff .	Winnow the finalists from the long list of applicants .
finance	V	2-1	Can we finance the addition to our home ?	He financed his home purchase through a local credit union .
beat	V	1-1	Thugs beat him up when he walked down the street late at night .	Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship .
enter	V	0-0	Enter an agreement .	Enter negotiations .
run	V	6-1	My computer is too old to run the new OS .	They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .
body	N	6-1	He felt as if his whole body were on fire .	All bodies are held together by internal forces .
floor	N	1-2	The floor of the cave .	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .
waste	N	3-3	Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers .	They collect the waste once a week .
start	V	1-0	To start a stream of water .	Start a new job .
approach	V	1-2	To approach the city .	Do n't approach that house .
tip	V	0-0	Tip the screen upward .	Tip artichokes .
care	V	3-3	He does n't care about how / whether she comes .	I do n't care what he does .
term	N	2-5	A prison term .	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .
krona	N	4-1	Piecas kronas — five krona .	Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes ) .
touch	V	3-3	She did n't touch her food all night .	The two buildings touch .
masturbate	V	5-6	I find this difficult to masturbate to .	The old man wanted to be masturbated by the prostitute .
thing	N	6-4	I could n't tell what the thing was .	To say the same thing in other terms .
breath	N	6-2	I could feel the runner 's breath on my shoulder .	His sour breath offended her .
connection	N	3-1	There was a connection via the internet .	The connection between overeating and obesity .
call	N	12-4	He heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call .	I received several phone calls today .
space	N	5-3	It all happened in the space of 10 minutes .	The architect left space in front of the building .
range	N	7-9	Any good golf club will have a range where you can practice .	They used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring .
front	N	9-5	The Japanese were active last week on the diplomatic front .	They advertise on many different fronts .
talk	V	9-2	Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .	The baby talks already .
embody	V	17-2	As the car salesman approached , wearing a plaid suit and slicked-back hair , he seemed to embody sleaze .	This painting embodies the feelings of the Romantic period .
hand	N	3-3	Give me a hand with the chores .	On the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...
prescription	N	5-10	I tried to follow her prescription for success .	He told the doctor that he had been taking his prescription regularly .
sign	N	6-0	Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .	Signs of disease are objective , whereas symptoms are subjective .
snap	V	0-2	Snap a football .	The lock snapped shut .
mystery	N	6-7	How it got out is a mystery .	The truth behind the events remains a mystery .
get	V	2-0	Let 's get down to work now .	Get working as soon as the sun rises !
dip	V	0-3	Dip the brush into the paint .	I had to dip into my savings to buy him this present .
break	N	4-5	We took a 10-minute break .	Let 's take a five-minute break .
sack	N	3-8	He got the sack for being late all the time .	The boss is gon na give her the sack today .
pump	V	0-2	Pump bullets into the dummy .	The athlete pumps weights in the gym .
carry	V	2-1	I will carry the secret to my grave .	I carry her image in my mind 's eye .
add	V	1-3	To add numbers .	This paper will add to her reputation .
sleep	N	6-8	He felt better after a little sleep .	They had to put their family pet to sleep .
business	N	0-0	Business is good today .	Business has been slow lately .
step	V	3-0	He wo n't step into his father 's footsteps .	Step over to the blackboard .
execute	V	9-6	There are certain states where it is lawful to execute prisoners convicted of certain crimes .	In some states , criminals are executed .
shrinkage	N	8-0	The material lost 2 inches per yard in shrinkage .	Shrinkage is the retail trade 's euphemism for shoplifting .
appearance	N	4-2	A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .	His sudden appearance surprised me .
support	V	3-2	He does not support his natural children .	The government supports the arts in several ways .
undergo	V	0-2	Undergo a strange sensation .	The chemical undergoes a sudden change .
strip	V	0-2	Strip a wall of its wallpaper .	Norm will strip the old varnish before painting the chair .
block	N	4-7	He held a large block of the company 's stock .	The pyramids were built with large stone blocks .
cold	N	4-1	He shivered from the cold .	The cold helped clear his head .
pound	V	0-2	Pound the roots with a heavy flat stone .	The salesman pounded the door knocker .
burn	V	0-2	Burn garbage .	The car burns only Diesel oil .
complexion	N	3-3	A liberal political complexion .	He altered the complexion of his times .
use	V	3-6	I ca n't use this tool .	He does n't know how to use a computer .
ball	N	1-6	The ball travelled 90 mph on his serve .	The mayor threw out the first ball .
bear	V	0-0	Bear a heavy load .	Bear a resemblance .
price	N	1-1	The price of success is hard work .	What price glory ?
shift	V	4-0	We 'll have to shift these boxes to the downtown office .	Shift one 's attention .
clarify	V	0-0	Clarify beer .	Clarify the butter .
clap	N	12-8	If your dick has " the drip " you probably have the clap and need to go to the sex clinic .	Off in the distance , he heard the clap of thunder .
trend	N	7-1	Not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book .	The trend of the stock market .
shuffle	V	1-1	You shuffle , I 'll deal .	He shuffled his funds among different accounts in various countries so as to avoid the IRS .
call	V	3-2	We could always call on a friend .	The engineer called round whilst you were away .
coverage	N	13-11	Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones .
tell	V	3-0	I want to tell a story .	Tell what happened .
break	V	3-9	Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?	On the hottest day of the year the refrigerator broke .
copy	N	3-4	She made a copy of the designer dress .	The clone was a copy of its ancestor .
block	V	0-0	Block the wheels of a car .	Block his election .
opening	N	1-1	The opening received good critical reviews .	The opening established the basic theme .
conflict	N	1-10	The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .	I wanted to attend the meeting but there 's a conflict in my schedule that day .
drive	V	0-3	Drive a ball .	What are you driving at ?
scene	N	5-2	The crazy lady made a scene in the grocery store .	He painted scenes from everyday life .
credit	N	3-2	He was given credit for his work .	Give her credit for trying .
class	N	5-1	She has a lot of class .	The class of all sets is not a set .
pack	V	5-3	Such odd-shaped items do not pack well .	This singer always packs the concert halls .
feeling	N	4-5	He had a great feeling for music .	The house gave me a feeling of dread .
slot	N	5-6	Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks .	He put a quarter in the slot .
season	N	7-4	She always looked forward to the avocado season .	He celebrated his 10th season with the ballet company .
start	V	1-1	I start my day with a good breakfast .	Who started this company ?
see	V	8-2	You have to be a good observer to see all the details .	Can you see the bird in that tree ?
pipe	V	0-0	Pipe a tune .	Pipe oil , water , and gas into the desert .
mode	N	2-5	Their nomadic mode of existence .	Switched from keyboard to voice mode .
wall	N	2-1	The south wall had a small window .	A wall of prejudice .
faith	N	2-5	They broke faith with their investors .	A member of his own faith contradicted him .
say	V	3-1	I can not say ` zip wire ' .	Please say your name slowly and clearly .
root	N	6-3	The love of money is the root of all evil .	Communism 's Russian root .
point	V	0-3	Point the letter .	The dancers toes pointed outward .
run	V	0-1	Run a new program on the Mac .	They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .
neighbour	N	1-3	My neighbour is very irritable and grumpy at times .	They ′re our neighbours across the street .
home	N	0-7	Home is where the heart is .	He grew up in a good Christian home .
serve	V	1-2	We serve meals for the homeless .	The entertainers served up a lively show .
life	N	5-3	He hoped for a new life in Australia .	Pottery was his life .
thrust	N	1-3	The thrust of the jet engines .	He made a thrusting motion with his fist .
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	I have been to Spain many times .
run	N	4-6	The ship made its run in record time .	The bus on the Cherry Street run is always crowded .
cut	V	2-1	The coach cut two players from the team .	We cut through the neighbor 's yard to get home sooner .
formation	N	1-2	A formation of planes .	A defensive formation .
fatigue	N	5-5	The soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson .	They were assigned to kitchen fatigues .
strike	V	2-0	We will strike a medal in your honour .	Strike coins .
stretch	N	8-10	I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .	To say crossing the street was brave was quite a stretch .
land	V	2-4	This may land you in jail .	Use the net to land the fish .
persuasion	N	5-3	I am not of your persuasion .	It is his persuasion that abortion should never be condoned .
strangle	V	3-1	He tried to strangle his opponent .	He strangled his wife and dissolved the body in acid .
join	V	2-1	Many children join a sports club .	He joined the Communist Party as a young man .
strike	V	0-2	Strike an arc .	They were struck with fear .
stretch	N	3-2	He did a stretch in the federal penitentiary .	There were stretches of boredom .
voice	N	5-2	Canst thou thunder with a voice like him ? — Job 40:9 .	The noisy voice of the waterfall .
charge	V	0-2	Charge a conductor .	The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks .
gather	V	0-1	Gather some stones .	People gathered round as he began to tell his story .
be	V	4-2	When will the meeting be ?	I shall be writing to you soon .
lift	N	7-2	Some actresses have more than one face lift .	Take the lift to the fourth floor .
pack	V	0-1	Pack the books into the boxes .	To pack fish .
stand	V	3-0	Where do you stand on the War ?	Standing water .
round	N	1-5	The round of the seasons .	The story is going the rounds in Washington .
chain	N	1-5	A chain of mountains .	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .
strike	V	0-2	Strike coins .	A bullet struck him .
comfort	N	4-10	His friendship was a comfort .	A padded chair was one of the room 's few comforts .
loan	N	3-1	He got a loan of five thousand pounds .	All loans from the library , whether books or audio material , must be returned within two weeks .
note	N	3-14	There was a note of uncertainty in his voice .	I did n't have any coins to pay with , so I used a note .
train	N	1-10	A train of thought .	Unfortunately , the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride 's train as they were walking down the aisle .
do	V	0-3	Do research .	Will $ 100 do ?
connect	V	2-1	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	Herman connected the computers .
draw	V	0-1	Draw on a cigarette .	She drew $ 2,000 from the account .
breath	N	3-4	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .	He took a deep breath and dived into the pool .
place	N	11-4	We thought we would win but only ended up in fourth place .	He comes from a place near Chicago .
fondle	V	1-1	Mothers fondle their babies .	They fondled in the back seat of the taxi .
meet	V	4-3	The company agrees to meet the cost of any repairs .	Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree ?
field	N	10-1	There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .	Gold field .
scale	N	7-1	The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .	The scale of the model .
life	N	9-2	He could no longer cope with the complexities of life .	Get a life .
plane	N	7-5	Any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane .	We will refer to the plane of the graph as the X-Y plane .
communication	N	6-3	They could not act without official communication from Moscow .	Some say that communication is a necessary prerequisite for sentience ; others say that it is a result thereof .
anger	V	1-1	You anger too easily .	He angers easily .
multiplication	N	1-5	This multiplication of cells is a natural correlate of growth .	Repeated copying leads to a multiplication of errors .
admit	V	3-1	The French doors admit onto the yard .	He admitted his errors .
exhaust	V	0-4	Exhaust one 's savings .	This kind of work exhausts me .
date	N	1-6	The date of a letter , of a will , of a deed , of a coin , etc .	He tried to memorizes all the dates for his history class .
kill	V	0-2	Kill the engine .	She was killed in the collision of three cars .
admit	V	1-1	To admit a serious thought into the mind .	She admitted us here .
face	N	6-7	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .
life	N	0-5	Life depends on many chemical and physical processes .	The battery had a short life .
piece	N	6-4	I need to rest for a piece .	She bought a lovely piece of china .
write	V	6-1	How many books did Georges Simenon write ?	Please write to me every week .
enable	V	3-2	This skill will enable you to find a job on Wall Street .	The rope enables you to secure yourself when you climb the mountain .
fun	N	5-2	I do it for the fun of it .	He is fun to have around .
answer	V	3-2	The man must answer to his employer for the money entrusted to his care .	She must answer for her actions .
history	N	1-7	A history of France .	A critical time in the school 's history .
rate	N	1-5	The rate of production at the factory is skyrocketing .	He works at a great rate .
hit	V	0-1	Hit the bottle .	He hit a home run .
point	N	3-2	Get to the point .	At that point I had to leave .
krona	N	8-9	Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona .	Grāmata maksā piecas kronas — the book costs five krona .
sanitize	V	0-0	Sanitize the language in a book .	Sanitize history .
try	V	2-0	You are trying my patience .	Try the yak butter .
classify	V	3-1	How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric ?	She classified the works as ' dangerous ' .
patch	N	1-0	A patch of clouds .	Patches of thin ice .
break	V	8-1	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !	He broke the glass plate .
misery	N	1-5	The misery and wretchedness of those slums is intolerable .	She was exhausted by her misery and grief .
foot	N	4-3	Armored from head to foot .	The swiftest of foot .
shopping	N	3-6	Women carrying home shopping did n't give me a second glance .	On Saturdays we usually do the shopping .
quality	N	14-8	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .	Security , stability , and efficiency are good qualities of an operating system .
motion	N	5-3	The cinema relies on apparent motion .	He made a motion to adjourn .
render	V	0-0	Render thanks .	Render fat in a casserole .
night	N	4-5	It vanished into the night .	The cat disappeared into the night .
drive	V	1-1	I drive to work every day .	We drove to the university every morning .
air	N	6-6	He threw the ball into the air .	A smell of chemicals in the air .
keep	V	0-0	Keep open the possibility of a merger .	Keep my seat , please .
sign	N	4-0	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .	Signs of disease are objective , whereas symptoms are subjective .
stretch	V	1-0	Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .	Stretch your legs !
bed	N	8-4	We added a new rosebush to our rose bed .	The gardener planted a bed of roses .
state	N	1-4	His state of health .	In a weak financial state .
drink	N	2-5	Likes a drink before dinner .	Can I buy you a drink ?
krona	N	4-8	Piecas kronas — five krona .	Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona .
conflict	N	3-1	The harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph "-- Thomas Paine .	The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .
answer	V	0-0	Answer the riddle .	Answer a question .
play	V	0-0	Play the casinos in Trouville .	Play the races .
invasion	N	1-1	An invasion of bees .	An invasion of mobile phones .
